["[:::Curriculum:::UX is an ever-changing field and GA recognizes this very well. They are constantly updating their curriculum based on feedback from instructors, students, and industry trends. All of the topics and tools covered were relevant and helpful. Attending UX events or reading UX articles really demonstrated how much information I learned in the bootcamp.\xa0Building a portfolio was one of my key goals for taking this course. By the end, I had a couple of class projects that I could turn into a case study as well as a real-world client project. This final UX project gives students the chance to work with a real client and apply their newly acquired UX skills. It was definitely one of the highlights of the course in terms of experience and has yielded the engagement post-graduation.:::Instructors:::Our cohort had 2 lead instructors and 2 Instructional Associates (IA). All 4 were amazing. They supported everyone in the class and showed so much empathy and understanding of things UX. The 2 leads had so much experience and would constantly use past anecdotes to reinforce the lessons. The 2 IA (former graduates) were always available for help and would provide amazing feedback and one-on-one meetings when needed. They understood what we were all going through and supported us during tough times. Yes, there will be tough times but know that you are not alone (see the next paragraph).:::UX Friends:::Attending a GA bootcamp makes you a part of the GA network and it is big! I have met so many amazing people through networking and events. The immersive course is like a full-time job and after 12 weeks, you really learn a lot about your fellow designers. You learn about each other’s backgrounds and their unique stories. We had a former teacher, journalist, architect, food server, car salesman, and so much more. I am constantly amazed at how close our cohort was and is. Even today, we still keep in touch. Having this network is amazing and I love hearing about new success stories.\xa0:::Conclusion:::This course was tough. There is a lot to learn and do in 12 weeks. The toughest part will be finding a job after graduation. You will have enough knowledge to do UX but I have found that experience is essential. Your portfolio will look like a portfolio of a UX bootcamp graduate filled with school projects. You will need to figure out what is best to overcome this obstacle but it can be done. In the end, I would recommend the UX Design Immersive program.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Intro:In my experience, the online UXD Immersive was an amazing environment to learn the basic foundations of UXD. Don’t think however that going through a bootcamp is an easy and effortless way to make a career switch and a surefire way to score a UXD job post-course. The curriculum, instructors, and career coach give you the tools to become successful, but you need to go above and beyond to make the most out of it.\xa0Pros:Amazing learning environment. I’ve never been surrounded by such incredibly positive people before. Everyone in my bootcamp (instructors, career coach, and cohort) genuinely wanted to see everyone succeed and it was so refreshing to have people constantly rooting for you and lifting you up. I’ve always been really shy and never liked asking questions or speaking up in school, but the instructors and my cohort peers truly value everyone’s opinion, so I never felt embarrassed or too shy to ask questions. I also never felt any weird competitive toxic energy during my bootcamp (versus in the past where I’ve been in environments where everything seemed like a toxic competition).\xa0I also felt so supported knowing that my instructors were truly passionate about what they were teaching and were always there if you needed additional assistance. In the past during college and whatnot, I had so many dismissive professors where it seemed like they didn’t care about their students and I’ve never really enjoyed being in class so going into the bootcamp I didn’t really know what to expect, but I was so pleasantly surprised at how compassionate, honest, and supportive my instructors were. My cohort was about 35-40 people give or take (so I was a little nervous that I wouldn’t have a personalized experience), but I felt like the instructors genuinely cared about all of us and took the time to answer everyone’s questions.Cons:You are taught design in a very formulaic academic way and your portfolio will reflect this and initially will probably really suck. This course teaches you UXD foundations, but understand that it’s easy to get caught up in adhering to GA’s very formulaic design methodologies when creating your design portfolio case studies and your work is going to scream “I just graduated from a bootcamp!”. The feedback given from instructors when critiquing your class projects tbh wasn’t as helpful as it could have been. During the course, it seemed like the instructors gave good feedback, but when I graduated and got feedback from design professionals outside of GA, that was a HUGE wake-up call. I feel like the feedback I received from instructors throughout the course on my projects and portfolio pieces were too easy and missed a lot versus when I sought outside opinions post bootcamp. I get that the instructors only have so much time to give feedback to all the students and that they’re tied closely to all of the projects they give out, but definitely, the most valuable feedback I got was from my networking calls after the course. Also too, when you present your projects during the bootcamp, your cohort peers also give you feedback, but this was totally unhelpful. Cohort peer feedback was totally unhelpful because a.) my cohort was just so nice and nobody wanted to hurt anyone’s feelings so it’d always be super positive, like “great job, good work!” without any actual critiques or room for improvement and then b.) we’re all students, so we didn’t really know how to properly critique a person’s design work or the small things to watch out for.\xa0\nAdvice:\xa0IT IS ESSENTIAL to seek outside opinions once your portfolio and case studies are ready. After graduating on January 20th, I spent about a month and a half finishing up my portfolio and then setting up networking and portfolio review calls. I went on about 30+ networking/portfolio review calls during this time. I also was applying to jobs and not having any luck. After this initial first month and a half post bootcamp, I took about another month to really fix my portfolio based on all the feedback I had received. After updating and making revisions to my case studies and actual portfolio website, that’s when I finally started gaining some traction with job applications. Then I took another month applying to jobs, interviewing, etc… I applied to about 127 roles and interviewed at 10 companies (1 intern role, 1 part-time role, and 8 full-time roles). Then on April 28th I received my first full-time contract offer and took it. So overall my job hunt was about 3 months. What I found to help me be the most successful was that initial month and a half going on networking and portfolio review calls and really making my case studies to where they needed to be. The main case study that I would present during interviews was from the GA client project and I ended up doing 3 case study revisions on that and 2 additional UI revisions to the initial project. Definitely seeking outside advice and applying that to my portfolio I believe was essential to my success.\xa0Last Thoughts:It’s really all up to you on whether or not you succeed. Also too as far as career support goes, during the bootcamp you have “Outcomes” once a week. This was a lesson on things like writing cover letters, resumes, interviewing, etc… I didn’t find any of this information to be groundbreaking (but I suppose if you haven’t been in the job hunt situation in a long time this information could be helpful). For me I graduated college undergrad in 2018, so the process of writing cover letters, creating a resume, applying to jobs was all pretty fresh in my mind and felt familiar, but I can see if you’re someone who’s been in the workforce for a long time and haven’t had to write a cover letter in 10+ years, this could be helpful. Then post bootcamp you get a career coach. The career coach is there to answer questions and to guide you if you have questions, but they’re not going to hold your hand at all. I found my career coach Ruby really helpful because I knew I could rely on her to ask questions and to get her opinions on things. You need to actively utilize the fact that you have a career coach as a resource though, once again no one is going to do any work for you.\xa0Another point I wanted to make - why I chose GA over other bootcamps… I looked at other courses like Springboard, Designlab, Flatiron, etc… What made me choose GA is because I wanted that accountability factor of having to be in class 8+ hours a day, 5 days a week, and to really commit myself to this career switch. I think I would have really struggled to make this career switch if I had done a course like Springboard where you go at your own pace. I like being held accountable and having hard deadlines. Also having a cohort there to support you. GA's bootcamp price was worth it for me, I took out a loan for GA which was scary at first since I am still trying to pay off my undergrad loans. Also to note I am in a privileged position where I was able to quit my old job and move back in with my family so I wouldn’t have to worry about paying rent while doing this course and job hunting. So I’ve been fortunate enough where I haven’t had to worry too much about not having a job during these past 6 months of the bootcamp and job hunting since I’m living with my family, but if you’re someone who isn’t in the same situation, obviously the commit of GA might be too much.\xa0\nOverall if you realize that your success will be based on how much work you put in and the GA bootcamp will not guarantee a job, I think this could be a great experience for someone who wants to make a career switch into UX! Also overall too this whole experience has been incredibly positive and has made me much more confident in myself and feeling much happier and positive!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This was one of the best experiences I have had! The instructors are veterans in the field, extremely patient and helpful, and willing to help whenever needed. Not only were the instructors incredible, but I have met some of the most talented and friendly people through this bootcamp. Although the price is a bit hefty, the experience and outcome are worth every penny.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I was a student, then an instructor, and then got hired in the industry I was concentrating in. I took the Data Science Intensive and found the curriculum to be solid and the instructors very knowledgeable. Given the intensive nature of the course, outside effort was required but extremely rewarding. Do NOT go into an intensive unprepared; do the pre-work and commit to the course as if it were a job.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Before I go into detail, I want to make it clear that this is a 12-week course. You can't learn everything in 12 weeks. You should go into this knowing that you're going to pull all-nighters, cry, and become frustrated—but you have tons of support and resources available to you, so take advantage of it! I enjoyed GA's course. I feel like we learned all of the things that we'd want to learn from an instructor and not on our own. This is an incredibly fast-paced class. I was in the remote program due to COVID, and my course was M-F, 9-5. The work doesn't stop at 5. Expect your 40-hour week to actually be 80+. PROS: You'll be exposed to in-demand technologies, languages, and frameworks such as JavaScript, React, and Python. My class had 2 instructors and 2 instructor associates. We also had 2 TAs who spent their evenings with us for help 7 days a week. Everyone is incredibly supportive and knowledgeable. I never felt intimidated asking for help. You'll also have career support after the program ends. We had 4 projects to help build out our portfolio. One project was a group project, so I was able to work on a team and get that experience which is obviously useful in the real world unless you're working for yourself. You'll come out of the program as a full-stack engineer, and don't let anyone else tell you otherwise. CONS: This is a 12-week course, so you're not going to be job-ready at the end. You're going to learn just enough to be able to continue learning the rest on your own. You've got to make extra time to practice, and you're going to get burnt out. This is a BOOTCAMP. I felt that the curriculum could've been structured a bit better. We hardly spent any time learning data structures and algorithms, which is the main thing that you need to ace during a technical interview. We only spent 1 week learning React, which is unfortunate since it's the most in-demand library in the industry. We also never went over hooks, functional components, or Redux. We only spent ~1 week learning Python—again very unfortunate since that's in-demand as well. I don't feel comfortable having Python as a language on my resume at this point. You'll want to blame the instructors, but please don't—they're doing what GA is telling them what to do. We also only had one mock technical interview—it would've been great to have more since that's very intimidating for new engineers. There wasn't really any focus on CSS frameworks, so you'll need to learn those on your own. GA reuses their course notes, which is expected... but many times they weren't updated. Generally speaking, it wasn't a huge deal until we got to PostgreSQL. You're encouraged to code along during lecture (muscle memory works!!), however, it's very fast-paced, so you're going to fall behind at some point, but that's what the notes are for. It was very frustrating when we were learning PostgreSQL, because our notes referenced SQLite. This was crammed into the week that we learned Python, so it was an absolute nightmare. The instructors even told us not to refer to the notes for PostgreSQL since the notes were wrong. It can't be that difficult to update the notes, right? When you graduate from this course, you'll be ready to apply for an internship, apprenticeship, or junior-level role. If you're in this because you think you're gonna make bank after 12-weeks, you should get on Glassdoor and check the salaries in your area for junior-level engineers. This isn't necessarily a con because you have to start somewhere, but just know that going into it. I wanted to review their Outcomes program separately. Outcomes is GA's career support, and you'll be paired with a career coach. It was frustrating to attend the Outcomes class during the week—and especially during project weeks. I wish the program would've been voluntary up until you graduate. The program is awesome and super beneficial to folks who have little to no job experience. You'll learn how to craft a resume and build out your brand, and you'll learn best practices for using LinkedIn and networking. However, if you've been working professionally for some time, you'll find this frustrating because you've likely been doing that already. That being said, once you graduate, the Outcomes program is so super incredibly helpful. You've got to meet certain criteria to remain in the program. Expect to spend around 20 hours a week applying for jobs. You'll also be expected to attend networking events. This is all up to you. You're not going to get handed anything, but you'll be coached and given the tools you need to be successful. You'll also have access to GA's direct job recommendation process. Essentially, they've got a Partnerships team that literally acts as a\xa0 Sales Team to find open roles for GA grads. If you meet the criteria for one, you can actually get a written recommendation for it. I know that I listed a ton of cons, but overall, it was a really great experience. I'd definitely recommend GA to anyone looking to make a career change. You can't do this by yourself. Just know that you have to continue doing the work after class ends. You've got to make time to practice during the week, and you can forget about self-care! But, you're going to have an amazing and supportive group of folks including the instructors, TAs, career coaches, and your entire cohort. You reap what you sow. To answer the burning question that you likely have—it took me 23 days to find a job as a full-stack web developer at a great company. I applied for 38 jobs, had 3 interviews, and had one offer. The offer that I accepted had a great starting salary for where I live (NYC)—it was more than what I expected and an awesome benefits package. I was very strategic about my job search, and for this particular job, I actually met all of the requirements because I had engineering experience prior to GA. For some folks, it might take a year to find a role, and that depends on tons of factors that GA may not even have control over such as your location and specific career goals. I'm very happy to have chosen GA, and I think that it's 100% worth the $15,000 price tag.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I registered for a digital course online thinking it will not be as good as going ot a class. What an amazing experience that was , when i end up finalising a project and having a wake up call on\xa0 even building my own business. GA have excellent teachers! the best in the industry , really passionate and entertaining no matter what. How hard is it to go back to school when you 've done it years ago. Well this is just incredible the way they manages a team of very different people - we all loved it! I really fnished the course thinking i can't beleive how much knowledge i gained in few weeks. I will recomment GA to anyone who wants to upskill, find a new purpose or even keep up to date with the market .This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., After being a stay-at-home mom for 5 years I wanted to reenter the workforce but wanted a career pivot. With a 15 year degree in marketing and graphic design I had a good background for UX but didn't know how to make the jump. On top of that, I needed a way to support myself since I was planning on getting a divorce. General assembly was the perfect chance to change my career into something that that I could support my daughter and I with. The program was intense but I couldn't have asked for better teachers and fellow classmates. It was a lot of work but I'm currently on the job search and General Assembly made my future a lot brighter in that regard. Anyone looking to radically change your life, buckle in.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have always been interested in working with computers and after being surrounded by some amazing software engineering friends, I decided I wanted to delve deeply into coding projects and problem-solve just like them. Fast forward to my General Assembly experience, I graduated from the Software Engineering Immersive program where I developed skills in JavaScript, React, Ruby on Rails, and other technical skills that allowed me to build four projects over the course of the twelve-week full-time program. The amount of support provided during the program was absolutely amazing and next to none. I really felt cared for during the class with the instructors, teaching assistants, and classmates. GA is a wonderfully collaborative community.\xa0After graduating, my career coach Anna stuck by my side for an entire year until I got a job in tech (at General Motors as a Software Developer!). It took a little longer to find work due to the pandemic, but Anna and the entire GA community are extremely dedicated to seeing you succeed. I am extremely excited about my new job and will continue to grow and learn within the field of technology long after my experience with GA!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Easily the best career decision I've ever made.\xa0 The flexibility of the part-time program and depth of the curriculum make this a perfect course for someone with a full-time job who is looking to make a career change without having to leave their current role.\xa0The instructors were phenomenal—extremely knowledgeable/willing to answer questions, supportive and empathetic throughout the duration of the course, which was 6 months. There's a lot of work involved, but it's definitely worth it if you can hang in there and give a solid effort— I was recently hired as an engineer at a FAANG company!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA was the best experience of my life, I had virtually no coding experience going into the program and came out with the vast knowledge I desired going into it and I loved every second of it. All of the instructors do a wonderful job from the get go setting expectations and guidelines and really help and support you through the course. Yes the course is difficult and fast paced but it is designed to get you job ready in 3 months and teach you all of the necessary skills, not just coding skills but all of the soft skills you need to succeed in this industry as well. The material is very challenging but it needs to be to get you job ready in 3 months, if you ever find yourself looking for even more of a challenge the instructors are always willing to find ways to help you push yourself even more. The job assistance portion of the course is wonderful as well, weekly meetings with your classmates and a career coach to go over how to break into this field from an employees perspective is invaluable. You also get 1:1 time with your outcomes coach to go over personal career goals as well. Overall I would recommend GA to every person in the world trying to break into tech, it changed my life in so many ways I cant even describe and I will always value my time there as a student.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly changed my life. GA makes it clear from day one that the course will not be easy. They help to prepare one mentally to face the emotional rollercoaster of learning to program. When I came to GA, I had left the safety of my job with benefits to bet on myself again. I was not let down. The ~12 weeks in the course are hard, really hard. It is so rewarding to graduate knowing that I gained valuable skills and can now build beautiful, functional web applications. This has opened so many doors for my life and my career. GA has a hefty price tag but what it did for me is invaluable. Attending GA was scary but easily the best move I have ever made for myself.\xa0They teach you two complete tech stacks as well as computer science topics that cover both data structures and algorithms. They teach you how to think like a programmer, by breaking every step down to the smallest piece, which makes large undertaking less intimidating. They also teach you how to fend for yourself online. You need to continue learning post course to keep up with new technology and deepen your understanding of the technologies you are using and they set you up for that. The outcomes coaches are the best! Not only are they your cheerleaders when you feel beat up by the heavy material but they also help set you up to make an online presence for yourself. They helped me do the stuff I loathe doing, like revamping my resume and social media, and it has made all the difference.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Enrolling in the Software Engineering Immersive was the best career move I've made. The course is a significant investment of time and money, but it was worth it. I had wonderful instructors who didn't just teach programming, but also explicitly taught a lot of the meta-skills around software development. The Outcomes career-coaching portion of the course was invaluable as well. The best part was being in a cohort with around 20 other students, who were my first community in tech, and it's also been great to continue connecting with the incredibly wide GA alumni network post-course.\xa0The material is definitely challenging, and there were many long nights and weekends that I spent coding and learning more things on my own in bootcamp. You get as much out of it as you put into it, and expect to work very hard post-course to land the role that's right for you. But the skillset taught is highly sought after, and the immersive gives you the tools you need to build fullstack applications. Overall, studying in the company of others interested in programming and learning from some of the best teachers out there was an incredible experience, and gave me the knowledge and skills I needed to transform my career.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", '[I finished up the SEI Flex course a few months ago and I\'m so glad I made the decision to enroll in this course.\xa0 I was provided exceptional instructional support and I now have a strong foundation in some of the most popular languages and frameworks being used today.\xa0 I specifically learned JavaScript, Ruby, Node.js, Express, Rails, and React but I also believe General Assembly provided me with the tools to successfully teach myself any other languages or frameworks I might be interested in.\xa0 Finishing this course allowed me to reach my goal of successfully changing careers and I was able to land a software engineering job within 90 days of graduation.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Overall I do not regret my decision of taking my career to the next level by attending GA\'s 3-month Software Engineer Immersive Program. Although a had a CS bachelor\'s degree, I decided to invest in this program to step up my game into trending technologies like ReactJS and backend languages like Ruby and Python. I met some amazing instructors who polished and helped me sharpen my programming skills as well as design patterns. I truly believe I\'ve learned fundamental skills that have benefited my career and aided me back when I was on the job hunt.\xa0 It\'s been around 3 years since I graduated and I am currently working as a Mid-level Software Engineer at a great parenthood startup. I also work as a part-time Instructor associate to bring my experience in the field to our GA students community. From my personal experience, I can say it took me around 3 to 6 months to land my first job after the program. I highly encourage new students that are seeking to step up their career paths in programming to deep dive into General Assembly\'s academic SEIR program.This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I had an amazing experience with General Assembly\'s 3 month Software Engineering Immersive program. After a COVID-19 sabotaged my ability to attend college and work full time, I thought my dreams of breaking into the software industry were going to be seriously delayed. Fortunately, I was able to get enrolled in the three month immersive program and get my goals back on track for less money than I would have spent on my degree!\xa0It is still amazing to me to go back and look at my skill level when I started vs my skill level when I completed the program. I came into the bootcamp with a very basic understanding of html and css and I had maybe written a few lines of javascript in YouTube code alongs. But I really had no idea what I was doing. By the time I completed my capstone project, I was able to teach myself React Native, build a full-stack mobile application and get it launched on the Google Play Store in two weeks time. It was invaluable to be able to tackle the challenges of learning to code with a group of like-minded individuals who were just as hungry as I was to make a life out of software development. I felt continuously supported by the great instructional team with GA and when I found myself ahead of the pack a few times, the instructors were quick to provide additional challenges and goals to allow me to keep growing as quickly as I could. The single most valuable thing I think I gained from my experience was a strong software engineering foundation that allows me to learn whatever technologies I want with confidence.\xa0I considered a number of bootcamps before deciding on General Assembly and I think the deciding factor was the proven track record that GA has for consistently giving their students the skills they need to land that first job. If you are wondering where you should go and are overwhelmed by the variety of choices, look no further. You will not regret the decision to enroll at General Assembly!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., 5 stars for General Assembly, where I found my calling as a UX designer!\xa0 There is so much to recommend - from the subject matter to the collaborative learning environment.\xa0 The Outcomes support (career coaching) was a game changer in confidence-building and helping me to set realistic expectations and goals. It\'s clear that instructors and career coaches work together to provide the most up-to-date guidance based on industry trends. Class projects are designed to set you up for success when putting together a professional portfolio, and there is a whole unit devoted to building that portfolio.\xa0 The instruction is designed for universal learning - ideal for those of us with learning disabilities.\xa0 And lastly, and maybe most importantly, the commitment to diversity in the classroom is an enormous strength.\xa0 I learned just as much from my classmates and peers as I did from my wonderful instructional team.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Great experience being in the immersive. Gave a solid understanding of UX methodologies and concepts. Remote learning can be difficult, but GA made phenomenal efforts to make it feel like you\'re in a classroom setting. I felt supported by my instructors and peers while attending the program.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I am recent grad of the User Experience Design Immersive (UXDI) program at GA! First off, let me just start by saying that the experience was incredible and totally worth it!Remote learning is extremely difficult. I imagine that remote teaching is just as tough, if not more. Teaching adults and keeping them engaged, is an especially added challenge. The instructional team of my cohort took those challenges with stride, and went above and beyond to cultivate a healthy and exciting virtual classroom environment. Shout out to Zach Thomas, Javi Calderon, Daijah Reese, and Johnson Cobb from Washington, D.C. They are the REAL DEAL! The dream team! Through and through, they each exude the core quality of a true UX designer--empathy. As a student, I had no doubt that they had a genuine interest in my well-being and success in this course. The classroom experience that they created is the epitome of authentic user experience design. It was beyond evident that each element of our classroom experience had been implemented with careful consideration, creative thought, clear intent, and passion. The discussions that we had were very interesting and engaging- very cool, real-life, relevant illustrations. They were also very conscious of our screen fatigue, and offered regular breaks so we have a chance to stretch and be refreshed. I super appreciated the special attention to mindfulness with the creative exercises and feedback sessions. The coffee time and morning meditations were a nice, considerate touch. I was also very grateful for the constant humor and interpersonal interaction between the instructors and students. The visuals that they\'d incorporate were super helpful (GIFs, memes, video/movie clips, TED talks, etc). I always looked forward to our new unit projects, because my instructor gamified them and wrapped up our unit with a mini “award ceremony” and recognitions. I loved our weekly group activities, they were usually low-intensity, fun, and allowed our group members to connect and learn together. I was told in the beginning of the course, that what I get out of this course is totally dependent on what I put in. And it\'s so true! I think that also applies to the instructional team. I believe what the instructors put in heavily influences, and I would even say directly influences, the outcomes of the students in the course.\xa0Some general observations about the course:\nI\'m social, and didn\'t want to do a self-paced, independent course. GA\'s live, virtual courses were a great substitute to in-person classes. I thought I would struggle with it, but it was surprisingly refreshing and\xa0 actually one of the best courses I\'ve participated in, including in-person high school/college courses.\nCareer Foundry vs GA. I tried Career Foundry for a week or so, and I switched to GA because I wasn\'t motivated to do so much independent study. Career Foundry is chock-full of great resources, they have mentors available for you to meet with regularly, but the bulk of your time is spent independently reading and watching videos. There is a forum/community of other students that you are able to connect with, but I did not find it to meet my needs. The pro about Career Foundry is that you set the pace-you can go as slow or quickly as you like, and maintain a job while studying. For GA\'s UXDI course, it\'s a twelve week, full-time program, and therefore impossible to maintain even a part-time job if you want to be successful. The course offers live instruction, and the opportunity to build wonderful relationships with your classmates. There are several resources made available to you throughout the course\xa0 to help you succeed. I think the human element is invaluable. Each week there is a 2 hour session with "Outcomes" that assist you with preparation for post-course job-seeking.\xa0\nGA\'s UXDI was $14,950 compared to Career Foundry\'s $6,900. This is a big difference, but totally worth it for the experience, relationships, and resources/tools you gain.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I was hesitant to go to General Assembly due to having a poor experience at a coding bootcamp in Utah. Due to that experience, I felt jaded by the whole bootcamp experience and assumed they were all the same, that it would be just another revolving door. Come to find out, that was the furthest thing from the truth at GA. I asked a lot of questions to the instructor and to the people at the finance department. I really pressed on them and they answered my questions genuinely and was not trying to pitch or sell me their product, which are the bootcamps. Instead they gave me the facts, the stats, and data that I needed to see to confirm my choice in going there. I went through their UX design immersive program in Denver, and it was one of the best decisions I have made in my life. The teacher has real world experience working in UX and web development. He has a background in teaching and made the course easy to understand and digestible. He was always available to talk and provide sound advice. The projects we worked on also helped me get a head start in my career search. The career coaches have been phenomenal and have provided me great feedback which essentially helped me get a job in UX. I am happy with the results I have gained here and I have already earned a return on the investment I have made here at GA.\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Prior to starting the Software Engineering Immersive Remote (SEIR) programing at General Assembly, I didn\'t know what to expect. When you google bootcamp reviews the results coming back tend to be all over the place from reviews that are very bad to reviews that are nothing but outstanding. Through my experience, I\'ll provide an unbiased review highlighting the aspects I enjoyed and what I think needs improvement.\xa0General Assembly wasn\'t the first school I reached out to and in fact I had a very poor experience speaking with the admissions department at a GA competitor who didn\'t want to give me more than 20 her time. Speaking with Zack in admissions from GA was a completely different experience in the best way possible. Zack took his time answering all my questions to ensure I was making the correct decision. He was in constant communication with me throughout the entire application process so that there was no question as to what happened next. One thing to note is that General Assembly offers the choice learning Ruby/Ruby on Rails or Python as the backend language and framework. I was speaking to a few of my classmates a couple weeks into the program and they didn\'t realize they had the option of learning a different backend because no one mentioned it.The class pre-work was well written and the program they use was quite good however, I don\'t feel like the pre-work prepared me for the class in any way, shape, or form. I feel like the pre-work is written for someone who has previous experience with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript; rather than who\'s learning about it for the first time. Now the teaching platform used is extremely well written and easy to use but I think the prep should have been based more on the foundations and fundamentals of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.The Software Engineering Immersive Remote course is a full stack software engineering program that teaches the MERN stack and the course is broke up into 5 units. Everything is taught by two main instructors and two instructor assistants. Coursework is heavy and moves at a very fast pace. Class is a mix of lectures, code along, and lab but the lecture isn\'t the boring type like you might think. The amount of information you take in on a daily basis and the amount of information you\'re expected to retain is probably more than you\'re used to. It wasn\'t till half way through my first project that I actually felt like I knew what was going on and I felt like I was trying to keep up with everything till that point. You\'re going to have days and weeks where you feel like you can\'t keep your head above water. I constantly felt behind. And before you know it, you\'re turning in the final project. Instructor assistants were quite helpful after school and on the weekends when they host office hours. My instructors helped when they could but both taught multiple classes each day. My instructors both referenced their real life work experience with what they were teaching and that was awesome to know.Now for what I think can be improved. First and foremost the pre-work should be focused towards fundamentals and foundation building. I would add an additional week to the first four units, extending the course by an entire month. This would slow the pace of the course down enough to where retaining information learned becomes much easier and the student will be more comfortable with what they\'re learning. I had two great instructors but they were vastly different in how they approached teaching and some days I feel like they didn\'t know what the other instructor taught the previous day. Communication could have been better between the instructors. The full stack course does teach the backend but it\'s definitely front end heavy. At this point, I wouldn\'t hesitate to take a job as a frontend or full stack developer however; I wouldn\'t be confident taking a job as a backend developer after taking this course.Outcomes is what General Assembly calls their career support so far it\'s been quite helpful. They offer mock interviews, Linked In, and resume building. I\'ve only been with outcomes for a couple weeks but they\'ve been quite helpful so far.Overall I had a solid experience and learned a TON of information in a short amount of time. I wouldn\'t hesitate to take another course through General Assembly in the future and honestly, I may go take the UX/UI course down the road.This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Overall I do not regret my decision to attend GA.\xa0 I met some amazing people, and feel that I learned skills that will benefit me in my career change.\xa0 It\'s been 10 months since I\'ve graduated and I still do not have a job.\xa0 The timing of when I finished school (right at the start of COVID) definitely affected employment, but I do feel like administration was a little misleading when it came to how soon I could expect to find work and gave somewhat unrealistic expectations about that process (I think they told me the average student is employed within 3 months of graduation).\xa0 The payment program is helpful through and it is nice to know that I don\'t have to pay anything back until I am employed full time.This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., You get out of this immersive what you put into it. I dedicated myself to listening intently to and participating in the in-class exercises then often put in 10-20 hours of work outside of class each week to get ahead and immerse myself beyond what GA offered. This dedication and commitment to participation helped me leave GA with a perfect score and rave feedback from my instructors. As far as luck goes, you can\'t pick your instructors, my cohort had friction with one of ours, and there were a lot of students very unhappy with their experience due to that one instructor\'s performance. I totally understand how they felt, but I approached the situation with the attitude of, "listen, you can\'t pick your coworkers out in the real world, and sometimes it\'s going to suck, but make the best of it you can!!" I\'d do another immersive with GA. I don\'t think you\'d regret doing one as long as you are 100% dedicated and committed to success! Also, outcomes (career) support is BOMB AMAZING!!! Having someone on your side through the job seeking process is invaluable. That is a fantastic cherry on top! Shout out to my amazing outcomes coach Chelsie!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have had an overall positive experience with General Assembly\'s courses so far. I completed the Front-End Development remote course and it really prepared me for the next course I\'m currently in, the Software Engineering immersive course. I\'m currently in Unit 2, the course is very fast paced, but the instructors and TA\'s are incredibly helpful. The office hours and just your fellow classmates on slack are always open to help each-other, I\'ve had study groups with multiple different classmates that have really helped me through some tough homework. The amount of homework assigned each week isn\'t as intimidating once you start understanding what you\'re learning. It\'s been great so far, I\'m very eager to complete the program and start my new career as a Junior Full Stack Software Engineer.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \xa0What background in coding did you have prior to the course?I came into my course having already coded a decent amount in my life. It was all hobby-based, but I felt pretty comfortable with HTML and CSS, as well as the basics of JavaScript. At the behest of some friends who were already software engineers, I also followed the advice I mentioned above, and tried to take advantage of AS MUCH free learning as I absolutely could. So for probably 2-3 months before I even enrolled in my Bootcamp, I took advantage of some sales on Udemy and bought some Stephen Grider React courses and learned as much as I could about the MERN Stack (MERN meaning MongoDB (your document database), Express.js (your Node.js web framework), React.js (your client-side JavaScript framework), and Node.js (essentially your JavaScript server). If I had time, I would have loved to have learned even more beforehand. Two main reasons for all of this: 1.) you get to test the waters and see if you even enjoy being neck-deep in a text-editor writing code! It’s not for everyone and that’s okay! 2.) and just-as-importantly… Most modern coding languages are just off-shoots of other languages. Many, many, many front-end languages are built on top of JavaScript/HTML/CSS. So, having a really solid fundamental understanding of these languages will do nothing but make learning the more difficult languages/concepts/frameworks THAT much easier. I personally don’t feel that it is possible to over-prepare for something like a bootcamp for these specific reasons.\nHas the instruction been thorough or are you googling a lot?\nSlightly loaded-question. I have LOVED my instructors. Incredibly knowledgable, empathetic, caring people who have bent-over-backwards to make sure that as many of the students in my cohort are equipped to succeed in a professional SE role post-bootcamp. The class moved kinda slowly at first, but picked up speed VERY quickly. The communicated goal was to teach us the 20% we would need to know in order to accomplish 80% of the work we would be doing. All of that to say that they, inherently, can only teach us so much in ~13 weeks. Thus, a huge focus quickly became teaching us how 1.) ask the RIGHT questions and 2.) how to scour Google or StackOverflow or wherever for answers. So… Both? The two core instructors for our cohort are very thorough, but a skill of being an effective software engineer is ultimately just problem solving, so you’ll definitely have plenty of situations where Googling a particular error or what-have-you is a must. Again, just part and parcel of being a developer.\xa0What material haven\'t you get that you wish you had (not sure if you have a sense of that yet)?\nNot sure I have a great answer for this one, but there are definitely things that I had to put time toward myself because we just patently did not cover them in class. Immediate things that come to mind are the core computer science pillars of data structures, algorithms, design patterns, and code-testing. We touch on each of the above in class, but I was not prepared for any of these appearing in technical interviews based on class. GA could definitely do a better job here, but 1.) there admittedly just isn’t enough time in 13 weeks of class and 2.) they did point me at resources, I just had to tackle them in my own time.\xa0Why\'d you choose this program over other programs?\nLanguages. I spoke to a lot of friends who were Software Engineers already, before I ever even really truly considered enrolling. They pretty much all told me the same thing: focus on what languages they’re teaching and how they support you on the job-front. GA is pretty solid on both fronts I’d say. Their tech stack is ultimately what pulled me in (we started with HTML/CSS/JavaScript to learn front-end development; then moved to full-stack and learned MongoDB, Express, Node.js, and others; then focused on drilling-down into front-end frameworks such as React; then finally learned API-driven development and kinda tying it all together, learning Ruby, Ruby on Rails, SQL, and how to make those work nicely with our frontends). Their Get You Hired Team (GA calls this “Outcomes”, which I’d say has been a little lackluster… but most of my issues with it could be tied to the fact that the entire team for my cohort is based out of DC. So they’re all crazy knowledgable, but I don’t know. There’s only so much they can do from a distance and during a global pandemic). For reference, I also seriously considered HackReactor, Flatiron School, and Turing School.\xa0What have been the best and the worst things about the experience?\nThe best has been discovering a new love and passion, honestly. I absolutely adore what I do at this point, but BOY was it tough. Like, anyone considering a bootcamp just needs to be really, really honest with themselves and set realistic expectations. You are trying to learn an entirely new career field in 13 weeks – IT IS NOT EASY. There is an OBSCENE amount of information — and often incredibly dense, convoluted information at that. Once again, it IS NOT EASY. I drive that point only because we 100% lost multiple people from our cohort because it was just a lot more than they were expecting. A totally normal day for me was to be in class from 8am to 4pm (with breaks here and there + a longer break for lunch), take a power nap immediately after, and then grind on homework for 4 or more hours. That time is important too, because your homework is really your only chance to practice, and if you’re not practicing every day to some degree, you’re just making it harder on yourself. Then there was probably longer homework for the weekend, or a project, or whatever. Just wanting to be totally clear: I ate, slept, and breathed code because that’s kinda what it takes to make it through a bootcamp like this (again, just my opinion).\nWhat kind of time are you putting in outside of class?\nNot to be a broken record, but this will require a huge amount of time. I spent 500+ hours just IN-CLASS over my 3-ish months. With homework, there was generally the expectation that you would put at LEAST 4 hours toward it. If you got it done, awesome; if not, you should probably get sleep rather than throwing more than 4 hours at homework. We also had 5-ish “projects” over the course of the class. I couldn’t even begin to estimate the time I sunk into those, but we generally had 1 week of self-led work-time to finish each of those. So, ideally, you really want to have a deep interest in coding and the technologies at play with whatever you’re building. Otherwise, it just becomes difficult to stay motivated. Again, just my .02.\xa0Are things working out with the fully remote covid plan? Are teachers accessible and approachable?• Best as can be expected, I think? I would have preferred to be in-person, but remote learning hasn’t been nearly as drastically different as I kind of expected. You meet in your Zoom classroom everyday, anyone/everyone is only a Slack message away, my instructors were both always really good about hosting regular office hours + responding to random requests for help or insight. I also was still able to make a bunch of friends which I would 1000% recommend. The people in your cohort are quite literally the only one’s who will understand the depth of what you’re going through. It’s an experience that really brings people together, in my opinion. There are people I will most definitely keep in contact with after the Bootcamp.\xa0Hopefully the above wasn’t too much or too overwhelming. I am 1000% a proponent of a bootcamp like GA offers, I just think everyone should know that it is, unavoidably, a massive undertaking. But you will get out what you put in.\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate.]', '[I signed up for the accelerated Digital Marketing course which ran for about a week. Before the class, I was a bit rusty with Facebook Ads, Google Analytics/Ads and SEO. The instructor delivered real life marketing campaigns from his own business that helped us better understand how to formulate our customer persona + target market and take that research to design optimal websites/fb pages for our clients or business .\xa0 I came out having finished a marketing campaign for my consulting practice. I was able to create websites + facebook pages for my clients and nurture the campaign by setting realistic KPI\'s; delivering optimal solutions. The marketing campaign I built for the class project became my template for future campaigns and really a recipe for success. I\'m still involved with GA as an attendee of their workshops and from time to time I go there to network or work on independent projects. It\'s a really cool friendly community. Once you become an alumni, the possibilities are endless.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \'d never have been able to transition fully into the Digital/Tech & UX spaces without the User Experience Design Immersive at GA that I undertook at the end of 2019.\xa0It was truly a transformative experience where I got to meet industry pros, my fantastic cohort, guest lecturers and engaged teachers. Given the time-frame, the curriculum was overall well balanced as a long as you are aware of that you are being taught the "Cookie-cutter" UX-process and that it will most likely differ to what you\'ll experience as a working professional.\xa0Post-GA I was able to score a job not even a month after graduating, and this was at the height of the global pandemic in the beginning of 2020. Later in the year I ended up as a UX/UI Designer at Vodafone in London earning 44.000 GBP per year, which from my understanding is way above average for people graduating from GA.Pro\'s:\xa0- The London Campus, which is a fantastic environment filled with daily seminars after class and is overall a highly motivating and stimulating environment to immerse yourself in.\xa0- The cohort, I\'ve met some friends for life and the support and encouragement of the fellow students truly contributed to the learning experience.\xa0- The outcomes team did overall do a very fine job in terms of the job support and post-course preparation for the job search.\xa0Con\'s:\xa0- Not always up to the latest developments in the industry with the rise of the product designer title, requiring more focus on product thinking, strategy and growth.\xa0- Not everyone will be able to progress as fast as I did since I\'m leaning on 10+ years of experience in other fields of design - although this wasn\'t always completely clearly communicated in my opinion when you often have people joining without any design experience what so ever which will result in a much harder time getting a job afterwards in the current highly competitive job market for juniors (at least in London)\xa0- Expensive, and might not fit all budgets.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have taken multiple courses through GA - both paid and complimentary. All the courses that I have taken have been awesome. The instructors are fantastic, knowledgeable and I always learn something. I would remind their Data Analysis Circuit and Marketing courses, especially.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly takes great care in its students and courses to give the best experience as possible. Through out my 12 week immersive course they taught and reinforced their lessons to make sure you knew the material. Through General Assembly I learned leadership and coding skills that have allowed me to land my first software Engineering role at Verizon. I can’t say a bad thing about my experience with General Assembly in NYC as I still today have friendships with my classmates and teachers. If you are looking to be challenged, and making a change, then General Assembly is the perfect place to start your journey into software engineering.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The course is very thorough and thoughtful on how to teach students what data analytics is and how to use differernt tools to solve each type of real life problems.I found it very hands on and being able to get feedback from instructors also made it that much better for improvement!Def recommend!\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \nInstructorsMany of the instructors are recent grads themselves. In one way, this is smart because it ensures that information is new and relevant, and you aren\'t being taught deprecated or soon-to-be deprecated material (out-of-date, no longer supported). The bad side to it is you aren\'t going to get help with things outside of their experience, compared to an institution that hires instructors that are seasoned in their fields.Feedback on deliverables (homework that you\'re expected to turn in) is going to be random. At first, feedback comes consistently, but as the course gets to around the halfway mark the instructors just stopped providing feedback. Even a month past grad, I am still waiting for feedback on my last three projects (out of 4). At this point, I am 100% sure I\'m not going to get any.CurriculumThe curriculum is good enough to serve as a solid foundation for your journey into the world of programming and depending on how well you picked it up, even land a job soon after completing the course. They do their best to at least ensure that the curriculum is modern and up-to-date or at least still valid. They teach you enough that you can confidently build a web application from scratch on your own by the end of the course. However, there are some caveats.Sometimes the course material is too new, and the instructors themselves haven\'t gone through it themselves prior to the course. So help in these materials is going to depend on instructor experience. In most cases, they won\'t automatically know the correct answer to a problem but will help you troubleshoot. For my cohort, the last project had three options that have never been done before, they were new to the course. None of the instructors had any experience or knowledge about the subject, and as such, was a mutual learning experience for both student and instructor.OverallMost of the cohort was great for me. Other than the lack of feedback (which I suppose the instructors just felt I didn\'t really need). However, because of a situation another student has had, I can\'t in good conscience give the instructors high ratings. In the last couple of weeks of the course, he had gotten COVID and was unable to complete the final project (per policy, in order to graduate you have to complete and meet the minimum requirements of each project). The instructors and up would not give an exception and thus would not let him graduate.COVID or no COVID, they should have either just excused him from the final project or worked out some kind of arrangement that would let him turn in the final project post-grad. It was wrong to say the least.This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., As I said in the title this course is simply fantastic.\xa0It is well structured with a project that you work on along side learning the theory. This really embeds what your learning and gives you a solid foundation to understand Product Management.Course content that was provided is also really useful to take away. I did this course via distance learning and although it is an intense week, all the tools provided worked well and I never felt I was missing out.\xa0I would highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to work in Product management.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., My experience was overall outstanding. I got a great education, lots of follow up material, and the ability to practice my skills as a product manager. I\'m excited to see where my career takes me from here. I do wish there were more resources to help with resume shaping and product management interviews.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Pros\nLots of Technologies to Learn\nStaff was very friendly\nFree Coffee, Tea, Food (Sometimes)\n300Mbps+ internet\nCan be used as Co-working space after leaving the Program\nLocal Instructor and Instructional Associates were dedicated to the classroom\nCons\nLoud events sometimes on Weekdays\nSometimes Cohort Leaders sent to help out at another room\nSome instructions on GitHub Enterprise (repositories for classwork) need to be updated\n40 hour prep work was inadequate for less experienced students\nAdvice to Management\nLeaders of each Cohort/Team should spend all of their time for 12 weeks of a Cohort, not being forced to jump to others randomly in-between\nPre-work should contain an additional 30 hours of prep work (70 hours total) in Ruby/Python that focuses on Object-Oriented Programming:\xa0 Abstraction and Encapsulation, Classes, Inheritance, Polymorphism\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I\'ve completed the 1 week digital marketing course and I\'m so glad I\'ve done it. This is the second course I\'ve done with GA and they are always very well organised and have fantastic teachers. It\'s never dull learning with GA, thank you! They provided different learning mediums to ensure everyone is catered for, which being dyslexic I really appreciate. They could have done more in the pre-communication to make sure I was fully prepared and organised for the class. So just make sure you ask how to best prepare in order to get the most out of the course a few weeks before hand.\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly created a very easy-to-follow workflow for the classes. It was a very \'hands-on\' approach, where we could put into practice all we learned. A very good comprehensive course, yet easy to follow. The instructors were phenomenal! Since they are real professionals working with the topics on a daily basis, they could give us a real insight into the professional day-by-day scenarios and examples. They were always available for that extra support as well. I\'m really pleased with this course!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I finished the UXDI course online and I think its a great program, but it lacks a lot of the in person experience that doesn\'t make it very worth it. If you thrive in a classroom setting, consider skipping online to either wait for campuses to reopen or take a course with a cheaper school.\xa0Each campus does things differently, so there\'s a disconnect of what some people got for opportunities ot experiences than others. Upon being accepted, I was informed the online experience would be no different than in person, but it does lack a lot of that networking and informational experience you would get.\xa0Outcomes helps you with your job materials and searching, but it can be a bit disconnected from your instructors (like learning something in class you covered from outcomes a month ago). Not to mention, different locations will handle things differently. Others got to do a sprint working with developers and engineers to complete a project, but our class only got a three day outcomes sprint, which wasn\'t nearly as good as that would\'ve been.Other than the negatives, if you like remote learning and can devote 3+ months to GA, I\'d recommend them, just know its a lot of work and dedication. You\'ll meet great people and brilliant instructors.\xa0My advice would be to start crafting your portfolio and network as early as you possibly can. Portfolios are worked on later in the course and it can be a lot to try and write case studies and design a website layout at the same time. Get the layout done first and make sure you get pictures of everything as you work. Hiring managers and recruiters like to see a lot of pictures!This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate.]', "[I had an excellent time in my 12-week immersive bootcamp through General Assembly. I felt like the pacing was adequate, the lectures were rich with information, and the structure was strong. In this field it is hard to grasp the ambiguity of it all, but as you push through it becomes easier and easier and you begin to realize that it all comes together. My instructional team was always there when needed and gave helpful advice. I felt accepted and even praised for my human experience. This is a field of endless opportunities and I feel like my time at GA was well spent!\xa0\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took soft ware Engineering Immersive program in GA.\xa0 generally it is very interesting courses with very help full instructors\xa0 \xa0 \xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Honestly, this course isn't worth it. The instructors fly through the material and only offer minimal support. The TA's are great, but sometimes lazy. The outcomes program, and student success portion of the program is an absolute joke. It really just felt like they got your money, and that's all that matters to them. It definitely depends on your instructor, but unfortunately I was stuck with an awful unit 1 instructor, so by unit 2 I was already so lost and couldn't follow along.\xa0Some of the staff are very condescending and demoralizing when you reach out to them about issues that you're having. They talk down to you a lot, and when you speak up for yourself they have a lot of issues with it and kind of bully you. I withdrew from the course because I was intimidated by the staff (not the instructors) and they said they don't give refunds.\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Wow, it is really the best academy with full of humble staff members\xa0 and best instructors who teaches in\xa0 way you can understand ,who encourages you through out the program.Now I am confident thanks to GA I can do anything in SE field.\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0-you do project almost everyday\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 - you present it\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 -you do team projects everyday\xa0\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0-you got help from instructors through out the week\xa0All in all i just want to say thanks to GA and God Bless to all instructors, i will definitely recommend to my community.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have always been interested in learning more about data analysis, but finding a suitable program was a challenge. I was recommended to attend a series of webinars held by GA to learn the difference between data science and analytics. After the sessions, I was able to pin down the program choice.\xa0I then was able to easily connect with an advisor from GA who made himself accessible to share as much information on the program, process, and fees (smooth). He took the time to learn about my goals and motivation to enroll in the program, he then shared advice on the most suitable course format to match my learning style. Great enrollment journey!The instructor and support staff were very accomodating and gave us time, and made us feel welcomed. More importantly, they were patient with the class knowing that many have been out of school for a while. The content was spot on what was mentioned in the description, industry-related skills that you can pick up or polish as you go (what you see is what you get). Challenging, frustrating at times, but the instructor and staff helped us push through. Always providing feedback on what went well and what to improve on. The course carried 3 projects which continuously push you to learn and practice what you learn in class.\xa0It was more learning a skill VS GA helping/supporting you with career opportunities. Surely it would have been amazing to have 1-1 chats with a coach/career counselor on how to tackle the potential employers in a certain location etc. Maybe this would be feedback for GA. I am looking forward to learning more about GA Alumni community and the kind of continuous learning opportunities.\xa0The course wasn't the cheapest,\xa0 I wasn't company-sponsored so it was a decent investment. GA helped by offering an installment plan, but I wish they would consider individual students and offer them some sort of price reduction during uncertain times. Other than that I would strongly recommend GA and the DA course.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The course was very effective in practicing the skills of a UX designer. As one would expect, the course really depends on the instructors and the groupmates you are taking the course with, but I saw that General Assembly tries their best to keep that become a hindrance to the students by checking in with each student and group to support them with any issues, whether it be work-related or issues between group members. Overall, it's worth taking, if you can afford it and can handle fast-paced learning and some workload.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I enjoyed the online course at General Assembly. The instructor was fantastic! It was a wonderful learning experience, where I have learned a lot of data analytics skills. I feel this is a valuable course and allows me to grasp how data analytics can be. I certainly have much more to learn in this field and look forward to doing so.\xa0We received a Certificate of Course Completion right one week after the course was complete, which is super efficient!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The course was great overall, instructor was very good and helpful. Learned a lot. However it's been months now and no one in our bootcamp has received a certificate of completion even when we have asked several times. Beware, once the course is completed don't expect any evidence of actually completing it :(This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I attended this bootcamp as part of the Adobe Digital Academy program, and this bootcamp proved valuable. I came in with hopes on brushing up my react knowledge, since I was a very beginner. The instructor, Kareem, was superb, and I came out feeling a lot more confident. I am now doing an internship at Adobe using React, and the projects and the lessons I learned were all very applicable. I just wish we could have gone over more React concepts such as Redux or Hooks. I also would have preferred learning Python/Django as the back end over Ruby on rails.\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., IN SHORT: Don't take online javascript at General Assembly. You won't gain the skills needed to be competitive in the coding industry. As a middle school teacher I know what good learning looks like, and this online class is simply not doing enough.---I was let go from my teaching job during the recession and was desperately looking to provide for my family. I've always dabbled in programming so I decided to go that direction. After researching for a course I could afford I signed up for general assembly javascript online (b/c coronavirus).The first class was spent installing everything and getting github working. I was using windows and the teacher had never taught a student on windows before, so he couldn't help me get everything started and pointed me in the direction of articles that should help me. They didn't. I had to figure out how to emulate the unix termainal on my system all by meself, and then distribute the information to the other underserved windows users. Though this was just the first class, I didn't want to rush to conclusions. I mean, we were only installing stuff, it must get better.Next class we took an hour to learn js arithmatic commands. An hour. I had already taught myself a decent amount of javascript and I knew it didn't take that long to learn a simple skill like this. When I talked to my advisor they said that this course was for absolute beginners and was going to move extremely slow. Unfortuneately they didn't mention this before the class started. Because of this and the underwhelming teaching of the second lesson I decided to withdrawl. Little did I know that because I had participated in the first class (the one that was just installing everything) I had forfieted the right to a full refund and General Assembly was going to walk away with a cool $400 of my money. My family's money. In the middle of a recession. For teaching me literally nothing.This is a company like any other and they will take your money if they can sell you the product. If you are able to learn on your own, do it. If you can afford to do a in-person intensive $16k class, do it. Though don't do this middling bs online course. You will regret it.This Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I did the GA Data Science Immersive course in September 2019.It was a complete career change, having spent 7 years in payroll and accounts payable, I was able to switch to a career in data. I am now a Data Engineer so I got the best outcome I could have wished for.\xa0The facilities at GA Sydney are great, so many new people to meet with regular social events. There is a sparkling shared kitchen and work space areas. The staff are great.I think the curriculum needs to include more SQL as there is such a high demand for it in the market at the moment.\xa0The job assistance program is also awesome and tailored individually.If you do an immersive course I would recommend committing 100% to it, study hard, go to lots of meet ups and do lots of pre-work and you are on to a winner!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., For the 3 years leading up to taking General Assembly's UX Design Immersive, I had been struggling to find the right career path for me, and I was searching for something that would help me upskill and make myself marketable as a job applicant. Prior to this program I had paid $1000s to career coaches, trying to get help with my resume and applying to jobs as project managers, but the results were lack-luster.\xa0Then in October 2019, I looked at GA's UX program again, I compared it with other competitive programs in NYC for UX, and ultimately, I went with GA because of how long they've been doing this program, the price, the length of the program, and the career support. I'm 1 month out of the program, and as I am hustling in my career search at the moment, made extra difficult thanks to COVID, I have to say that GA prepared me so well for this hustle and for being a competitive candidate in the field. My resume, LinkedIn, and Portfolio site are all high quality and hit all the points that I've heard Recruiters and Hiring Managers talk about looking for in several career search panels I've visited since.\xa0Our instructors were so knowledgeable, very approachable, and they created one of the best learning environments I've ever been in. If only college had been this fun. Also, GA creates a very high standard for creating a safe and welcoming environment for everyone, which I really appreciated.\xa0I'd highly recommend this course to anyone considering making a career switch into UX.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", '[I really enjoyed the experience of completing the UXD Immersive at General Assembly in downtown LA. I truly believe that the education I received there and the experience that I gained is worth every penny spent to make it happen. A month and some change later, I\'m still job hunting (amidst a global pandemic) and I\'m very well supported by the Outcomes team in staying focused and continuing to apply for jobs-- it\'s just not a great time to be out of work and seeking. I am glad that I took this course and will use the tools and methods I learned there throughout my career.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., February 6, 2020I quit the program in the last two weeks due to finding a job and poor execution by Management.\xa0 Our instructor changed three times and we had not one class on algorithms or Big-O notation, reasons I took the course.\xa0 They did not respond to my letter until after three emails. \xa0LETTER BELOWPlusesFirst we’ll start with the positives from the physical to the logical and qualitative.LocationThe GA campus in DC is clean, serviceable and well stocked with excellent Frontlines support.\xa0 I would give it as near as 100% as possible.\xa0 Classrooms always have working projectors, enough seats and whiteboards.\xa0 Coffee, Peanut Butter and Jelly and tea bags are always plentiful.OutcomesThe outcomes team gives the students most of the skills I learned in this industry at dozens of customers and clients over 20 plus years.\xa0 As much as the students complained about the long sessions to me, those that follow its rigors will secure a position quickly.CurriculaThe curricula as defined in the GA SEI Syllabus compares well with Flatiron, CodingDojo, Trilogy and others.InstructionAll lead instructors seemed knowledgeable of the material covered.\xa0 All instructors were approachable and inviting of the material.DeliveryThe Google calendar was updated weekly with relatively accurate material to be presented and learned.\xa0 Labs and software functioned as expected.\xa0 Installfest saved the students trouble that they will quickly learn in the field.\xa0 Compatibility and libraries are key from development to deployment.MinusesNow, some constructive guidanceLocationThose stairs are extremely steep and elevator access restricted. \xa0 Heat in these historical buildings often has trouble on those frosty days.\xa0 This one is no different, a space heater or two might help if compliant ones are available.OutcomesOnly one thing I might recommend here are interview dry runs.\xa0 We had one or two examples of interviews, and I imagine hiring panel next week will be equally excellent.\xa0 But as mentioned below, practice, practice practice!\xa0 All candidates I have ever met benefit from practicing the interview questions and the discomfort.\xa0 I mentor all of my charges in this area.\xa0 We even do professional development sessions on it.CurriculaThe curricula was not taught completely.\xa0 For example, one of the reasons, that I, an experienced Engineer chose GA were the Algorithms and Data Structures courses as shown in the screenshots below.\xa0These courses were not available until after the course opened and even worse were never addressed.\xa0 This pattern of missing core material as we moved forward forms part of the basis for my letter and departure.InstructionOur lead instructor changed three times.\xa0 None of them covered all of the material separately or together.\xa0 For new students this gap will carry over into their new careers.\xa0 Although I mentioned this before and in tickets, it has not been addressed adequately.\xa0 It cannot be rectified at this late stage. \xa0DeliveryFurthermore there was often a lack of respect for the difficulties that the students faced.\xa0 Comments such as the students are “lazy,” “do not want to work,” or “do not like to read have been heard.”\xa0 While I encourage constructive criticism it must be backed by instructional excellence.Instructional ExcellenceAlthough very personable as a whole the instructional style was far too loose to give new students the comfort they need in this difficult, challenging and dynamic field.\xa0 Like sport and music, training for novices is about learning patterns and executing them repeatedly and in combination.\xa0 As the student grows, these patterns or katas inspire the artists to create their own symphonies.Not enough structure was provided for training the students muscle or neurological pathways to allow for confident improvisation.\xa0 This is my number one guidance.\xa0 When teaching new material it is vital that it is taught, demonstrated, practiced and reviewed.\xa0 Although much of the material had this character, it has not been consistent enough to train the students. \xa0\n\xa0On my final day I was directly criticized for the instructional failures of this cohort.\xa0 I was told that I was pushing and telling the students what to do when in reality all that I did was:\nDescribe the concept.\nDemonstrate the concept.\nAllow the students to choose issues to tackle.\nReviewed them as a whole.\nThe instructor who arrived later to try to guide us was disrespectful to me and to the classroom in his behavior. \xa0\nSummary\nI chose GA over the alternatives for several reasons.\xa0 First, the curriculum met most of the baselines of each of the other bootcamps in the area, although it was slightly pricier, the vibe and location seemed worth it.\xa0 I was 100% accurate on the location and vibe, you are a warm and welcoming team that open your hearts to all students.Please structure the courses more.\xa0 I mentioned this in my ongoing tickets and this letter.\xa0 One of the lead instructors offers great answer and respond format.\xa0 He sometimes made the students uncomfortable, yet it was the type of discomfort of growth rather than pain.\xa0 Consistent training of your junior and lead instructors will ensure that the student learn the patterns better and all material is covered.Overall I have learned much from this program.\xa0 I attended to have a structure and milestones to meet in an immersive format.\xa0 This need was met.\xa0 I am glad that I took this program, but I wonder if the Trilogy program might be more structured.\xa0 Regardless, I thank you for this opportunity and look forward to seeing any of you in the field.Sincerely,Gouthum KaradiThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I took General Assembly with the intent to make a career pivot into the tech industry by thinking I was going to learn the tools to become a software engineer.\xa0 I ended up getting a role in Web Development. However, it was me, and mostly me, that set my path for this role.\xa0 General Assembly just provided a base.\xa0\n\r\nI had learned a whole lot throughout this boot camp, that is for sure. But, we have to understand that people are paying up to 22K (through the catalyst program) to take this course for their life objectives. Not only is this is a massive financial commitment, it is a time commitment, and most importantly it is an emotional commitment. As the aspects of money and time are self explanatory, the emotional commitment might be the biggest one as the job search afterwards is by far the toughest task.\n\r\nLet\'s really take a step back here and think. Please understand this before you take ANY coding bootcamp.\xa0\n\r\n12 weeks does not make a software engineer. I repeat. 12 weeks does not make a software engineer or a web developer or even a junior level developer. The reality is, General Assembly is a for profit school and they\'ll do everything in their power to get students to pay money and take their courses.\n\r\nI want to reiterate that I learned a lot. But, I quickly realized that this program is more worth it for people who have coding experience already and want to expand their skills and not for someone who wants to make a career transition into programming. I say this despite the program being advertised as this one way ticket to becoming a software engineer who will make six figures right off the bat.\xa0\n\r\nThe fact is: the curriculum brushes over fundamental computer science concepts that normally go a long way in the coding interviews and only touch base on several technologies rather than going in depth with them. This makes sense because you really only have 12 weeks to "become as software engineer" yet, I thought that some things could have been excluded from the curriculum so us students could be further educated on important topics.\n\r\nAs for the instructors. Oh geez. They were great people but, dang do I felt like I really got ripped off on this aspect of the bootcamp. My cohort had two assistant teachers who took the course previously but have never had any professional development experience. But what was even more frustrating was that our global instructor, who was on a screen teaching multiple courses as at time, did not have any professional experience either! I would also ask him about certain advanced topics but he failed to guide me in them and ultimately was discouraging! It was such a joke that these instructors were so unqualified for their positions when students are putting in their souls into creating this professional transition. I almost felt cheated. Remember, as a student it\'s easy for someone to look good compared to you but in the end, it\'ll all unfold.\n\r\nLastly, General Assembly is praised for their outcomes/job assistance. But to be straight up, our career coaches did not help much. I even heard of other students from the other programs complaining about their career coach not being responsive until a student got a job! Blasphemous. For all of you out there drooling at the fact that these bootcamps have "outcomes or job assistance", it really isn\'t too much help. A quick google search or a phone call from a friend will be a better choice for advice.\n\r\nUltimately, General Assembly provided me a launch pad to boost my skills in development. However, I cannot recommend this to anyone with the price that they are asking of their students.\n\r\nI want everyone to understand this.\n\r\nYou get yourself a job. Not a coding bootcamp.\n\r\nGood luck!\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., Prior to participating in this bootcamp I had just made a complex decision to career change from elementary teaching to software engineering. I had somehow made a large friend circle of software engineers who offered their support and advice as well as\xa0two career changing friends who had just completed the General Assembly Software Engineering Immersive. I had tried to teach myself coding multiple times over my teaching career and decided a bootcamp would be the best kick to really help me move forward.\nGA Boston has some of the best folks ready to support and guide people. It was intense, and it pushed me in ways I hadn\'t been pushed in a while. We learned JavaScript, Ruby, Ruby on Rails, front-end to back-end development, and the Outcomes team (career coaching/job\xa0assistance) are incredibly supportive and knowledgable. I appreciated being able to schedule one on one time with the coaches and I felt like all the staff were really accessible and ready to help.\nI was in a class of 18 people and felt very close with everyone. Even outside of the cohort I\'ve connected with so many people throughout the alumni network. Overall I am glad for the experience and the network.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Enrolling in the SEI program at GA was the best decision I\'ve ever made. The staff at GA are wonderful, and the instructors are super knowledgeable, and more importantly happy to help you with anything. I think anyone with a poor review of GA wasnt there\xa0for the right reasons, it\'s not high school or university, you dont have to be there, you chose to go. Those that make the most of the resources there are the ones that will be successful. There\'s a lot of course content and it moves very fast so dig in and get ready to learn.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have been thinking about changing my career to software engineering for a long time. This year I have decided to join General Assembly and I\xa0 honestly I don’t regret it, the teaching system and the projects helped me to learn and further understand multiple technologies to be able to make beautiful sites. The campus is spacious, just ideal for you to learn and there are always people available if you have questions.\n\xa0The job-support at the end of the course is unique, helping you to brand yourself and shine from other applicants. Definitely, the best way to start as a developer. \n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., My experience with General Assembly started off very rocky. I\'m not your traditional student just looking for another class they can take for the experience. I wanted to learn a new skill for a career change. I think that goal was met; however, I am still looking for employment in the field. I\'ve joined a few Meetup groups and went to one conference, so I\'m going to keep trying.\xa0\nI also got a moment to speak with other\xa0designers and learning the process isn\'t enough. You need to learn code. I know that as a UX Designer/Researcher, you shouldn\'t have to learn code, but I\'ve noticed that employers don\'t really understand what we do so if you don\'t fit the minimum application requirements you are out of luck. I really was hoping that there would be help getting\xa0your portfolio together, but there was nothing.\xa0To be quite frank, if you are looking for more case studies to put on your portfolio (btw, if you take the online cohort they will not help you with this) you will have to go with a longer class (i.e. DesignLab, Springboard, etc.). They give you more ways to present your work. We only had the option to work on a responsive site or a mobile application (10 weeks vs 9 months).\nIf you are committed to working on this class at least 20 hours a week...you\'ll pass. My TA took a while to get back to us with grades, but he makes himself available for you if you ask. The instructor will also. In my opinion, the instructors\xa0made the experience for me great. They will answer any questions you may have about being in the field. The class is very interactive and you are allowed to critique your peers.\nAdvice for GA would be to make the job assistance available for all students and add coding to your course. For those that come from a completely different industry, this would help tremendously.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., General Assemb.ly Software Engineering Immersive Online Boot Camp was an incredibly amazing experience.\xa0 It opened my eyes and mind to many parts of web site design, development, and maintenance. I learned many languages, frameworks, libraries, stacks, and computer science fundamentals.\xa0 Through the course, we built web sites, made functions, had solo and group projects. The amount of information blasted into my brain was equivalent to drinking from a firehose.\xa0 After completion, I have a few sites for my portfolio under my belt and a firm grasp of the basics and more for HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Python3 as well as a new way of using the computer itself through the command line and sites like GitHub, Netlify, Mongo Db and Heroku.\xa0 They have the outcomes program also, which helps mold your online presence and offers resume help and so much more. This program extends after the class is over and is available until you land your new career role.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Although I was previously new to UX design and the tech field in general, GA staff were very thoughtful and welcoming from the beginning. My admissions producer responded to my initial inquiry immediately and answered all my tough questions. She stayed in touch with me as I completed the pre-work, and I never felt disoriented despite all the new information and procedures I was learning.\xa0\nThe pre-work was an excellent guide to what the course would entail, and I came in with\xa0strong conceptial knowledge. Nonetheless, I was challenged above and beyond my expectations (in a good way), and I feel confident that I understand both the \'hard\' and \'soft\' skills needed to be a successful designer.\xa0\nMy instructors were extremely personable and made themselves available whether I had a smaller\xa0question or larger concern. They even allowed me the space to vent on\xa0two occasions. During project work, they gave us the freedom to explore our individual interests (as they related to the project) -- along with the freedom to fail (and learn from it). I can only imagine how difficult it is to navigate 19 beginners through 4 rounds of client work, but they did it.\xa0\nThe Outcomes staff were direct, nuanced, and efficient with thieir comments on my resume, portfolio, cover letter, and other career-related materials. I learned almost as much from their tutelage as I did from my content instructors (and I\'m still learning). As someone who has spent a long time unemployed/applying cold, my confidence has increased enormously as a result of Outcomes support. I now have a comprehensive strategy and organizational system for my search.\xa0\nOverall, if you choose to take an immersive course at GA, know that you will learn a ton and be handled with care. At the same time, be sure to clear your schedule for the 10-12 weeks of the program (and beyond if you\'re immediately seeking a job thereafter). Do not take the commitment lightly. What you put in is largely what you get out. If you put in everything, you will get everything you expected -- and more.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I found the GA UX Research & Design PT Course very enjoyable. I learned a lot and I feel that the curriculum gave me a solid understanding of the UX Research & Design process from end to end. Marcella was a great teacher and made all of the concepts understandable and applicable to where we all were in our professional careers. She was always available for extra help and advice which I really appreciated. It was a lot of work and in my opinion required more of a time commitment than the course syllabus suggested. Because it is a PT class it moved very quickly which caused me to get behind a few times throughout the course. I also found the curriculum to be a bit disjointed and unorganized.\xa0 This is primarily because the online pre and home work did not seem to match up with the 2 day a week in class schedule. There were a few times I had to go back and review because sections were out of order. Overall, it is a good course that would definitely be 5 stars with some fine tuning.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \nThrough my experience at General Assembly (note, when I started, it was still Bitmaker, but in effect, the content was General Assembly approved), I was able to land my first data science role.\xa0\n\xa0\nWhile the industry is hiring Sr. Data Scientist engineers, and Sr. Data Scientists, breaking in is difficult for more entry-level Data Analyst/Scientists. However, I do like how there are Data Scientists who come from a variety of backgrounds, from social sciences, cognitive sciences, to mathematics.\n\xa0\nOn this journey, I’ve had a lot of support from my General Assembly instructor (Max is one of smartest, and also most effective teachers), career coaches and classmates.\xa0\n\xa0\nNote, your mileage may vary based on your instructor, or peers (to drive discussion and helping each other). I was lucky to have one of the best. Our instructor worked at two local start-ups before joining General Assembly, so he had real experience. Additionally, he often presented at conferences like Pycon and abroad. This is the by far the reason why I am rating\xa0General Assembly so high, it’s because you gain access to an instructor who can teach the material better than online materials. Anyone can find a Jupyter notebook on Random Forests, or youtube video on Neural Networks, but to get insights from an Engineer who has written production code, and has advice about ‘flex’ topics like why Docker, cloud computing, and a better way of approaching a problem is invaluable.\n\xa0\nChoose your boot camp based on your instructor. That’s the differentiating piece. Go to an info session, and ask him/her questions.\n\xa0\nComing from the software industry previously, the inclusiveness and culture were great, but not a differentiator for me. I’d imagine Brainstation being similar. But those guys were way too\xa0sales-y while recruiting, which is why Brainstation turned me off. The syllabus was a bit less relevant too.\n\xa0\nTo close I’d like to highlight two areas of improvement.\n\nIt’s a jam-packed 12 weeks, but if there was a way to embed more data engineering, software engineering by removing some of the less relevant algorithms, I think that would be better time spent.\nCareer support is great, but let’s raise the bar for those who have already worked in the industry. The general advice is table stakes (geared towards interns and university students), so it would be more valuable to have real data scientists, and data engineers provide advice on how they recruit, and perform whiteboard interviews. The network of alumni is growing, but the corporate partnerships engagement is weak as far as student employment is concerned. The career coach is working hard on early conversations with Telus Digital and\xa0MaRS, but at this point, there’s no real pipeline to feed students into those programs. Bet on yourself to find jobs rather than rely on employers knocking on your door on demo day. Set your expectations appropriately.\xa0\xa0\n\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., This was a weekend, two-day bootcamp with a practical\xa0introduction to machine learning in Python. The class was very helpful in giving hands-on experience for someone with some data background who is looking to get up to speed on a new set of data techniques.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate.]', '[I took the part time Front-End Web Development course from February 2018 to April 2018 as my plan was to move into the Software Engineering Immersive, which I am currently taking.\xa0\nI really enjoyed the front-end development class as I got to learn a lot of HTML, CSS and an intro to Javascript and JQuery. We were able to put together a lot of smaller projects and site mockups. Also, even though I have never had experience in any coding, javascript and jquery were a little difficult for me to grasp but in my SEI class, I picked up on everything MUCH quicker because of my previous exposure.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I\'ve just completed the 10-week part-time course in Data Analytics and found the experience to be highly valuable.\nAs virtually a total beginner in Excel, SQL and Tableau prior to the course, I found the material and the pace of learning to be quite challenging and demanding. However, provided you are able to allocate the required time outside the classroom teaching and commit yourself to learning the content, the pace of study leads to the acquisition of a wide range of skills in a relatively short period of time.\nThe course material provided isn\'t perfect, which sometimes requires a degree of independent problem-solving and perserverence, but that in itself can be quite useful when it comes to utilising the skills being learnt week-to-week.\nI found our teacher and teaching assistant to be extremely helpful and dedicated to helping the class and individuals follow the material and reach their potential.\nOverall, I would highly recommend General Assembly and the Data Analytics course, provided you have adequate time in your week to dedicate the hours required. I was in-between jobs when I did the course and would have found it difficult to get as much out of the experience as I did had I also been working full-time.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I flew from Peru to SFO and it was worth it. I liked that the course is an intense week because I could not stay in San Francisco for a long time, the networking is super good, the facilitator with very enriching experience and the material as well, I would have liked more work between peers and a little More time to get to know the GA community.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Doing the Web Development Immersive (WDI) program at Santa Monica was probably one of the best career decisions I\'ve made. First of all, what struck me about GA was their international presence, being located around the world. Also, the fact that GA offers courses in a variety of fields, whether it\'s Web Development, UI/UX, Digital Marketing, also attracted me to them as I was able to take workshops in those subject areas as well. It was also a great learning experience\xa0getting to meet people and learn from the\xa0other students doing the other immersive programs such as in Data Science and UX.\nMy background prior to doing the web development immersive program was that I already had a degree in computer science and an entry level job as a web developer. But I still decided to do GA to learn new technology stacks and have a more solid foundation\xa0(particularly in Node.js, React and Mongo since I was only familiar with Ruby on Rails at the time). Even with this prior\xa0background, I was still able to learn a lot and push myself out of my comfort zone. The beauty of the program is you get out of it what you put into it no matter what your background is.\nMy instructors and peers were probably some of my favorite aspects of my experience there. The instructors and TAs were very helpful during class and after hours and taught very well with their use of analogies. The people in my cohort also provided a very encouraging\xa0and fun learning atmosphere and we all still keep in contact to this day, where some of us actually work together at our jobs.\nOur outcomes producer also did a really good job helping us get our resumes and cover letters ready and provided good advice on how to market ourselves with the Do\'s and Don\'ts. However, at the end of the day, we\'re responsible for\xa0our success in the job application process\xa0depending\xa0on how hard we push ourselves in putting ourselves\xa0out there and\xa0preparing for job interviews.\nOverall, what I really liked about GA is the network that you get yourself into. I was able to travel to different General Assembly locations around the world, attending different events\xa0and seeing how the GA community and vibe\xa0is similar everywhere. Being a GA alumni also puts you as a part of the large network that significantly opens\xa0more doors and career opportunities worldwide.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., \xa0 \xa0 \xa0First, off I love GA. GA changed my life completely. I took\xa0part in the full-time web development\xa0immersive program and by far it is one of the best decisions I\'ve made in my life. Never would I have thought I would be where I\'m currently at in life. \xa0\n\r\n\xa0 \xa0 My instructors at the DTLA campus are amazing and very dedicated to teaching and preparing their students for a job in tech. Of course, at the end of the day, it is all up to the students\xa0to put in the work and apply those skills. The curriculum is very well designed to take you to the level needed to be hirable after completing the course.\r\n\xa0\r\n\xa0 \xa0As for the job search, it all comes down to you. It\'s a little hard at the beginning but once you have your foot in the door your in. Most tech interviews are the same so the repetition of interviewing\xa0helps in your favor. software\xa0engineers\xa0are in such high demand there are open positions everywhere in tech. The skills you learn at GA get you one of those positions but like I said its all up to you.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Once I had made the decision to change careers and become a UX Designer, I turned to General Assembly on the recommendation of a friend from London, who had worked with GA trained UX designers in the past. It was one of the best decisions I could have made. Changing careers can be a very stressful thing, and if it weren’t for GA I might have chickened out. Not only did the UXDi course equip me with the tools, language and skills required in the field of User Experience Design, but the “Outcomes” portion of the program completely prepared me for re-entering the workforce in my newfound circumstances. They provided an incredible support system and helped me navigate my career change in the best way possible. I was employed within 30 days of graduating, and made back my investment within months.\nIf you have an aptitude for human centered design and the willingness to be proactive and put in the work required, then GA can provide the tools to help you succeed.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., Incredible instructor, engaged classmates, relevant material covered in course, and focus on building transferable skills\nInstructor (currently, VP of Product for a health tech firm in SF) was\xa0great at facilitating a collaboration among students, and gave constructive feedback to each product team at the end of every day. He created a safe learning environment, and I plan to keep in touch with him for future Product Management job openings.\nJob Prospects After Completion: Depends on YOU! It\'s up to you to keep your network fresh and informed regarding your career plans. GA will share some career resources with you, but they are not as helpful with finding a job as they could be.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the Digital Mkt accelerated 1 week course and in general terms I can say it was a great experience. It\'s definitely a lot of information to digest in 1 week and I think that the final presentation complicates even more the equation because by day 3 everybody is more focused on doing that, than on processing all the different topics. However, I think most of the relevant topics are covered, the teacher shows a lot of knowledge about digital marketing and the course is well structured. Additionally, the school is really nice and well located, plus is a great place to get to know cool people. Overall it\'s a great option but I would try to do the part-time instead.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I already work as a designer and just needed to learn a bit more about UX. Just wanted to let others know that I enrolled in their part time 10 week course and found it quite useful. Of course this is not a comprehensive career switching course and only provides a good starting point (you will need to do much more in the future on your own or through other programs), but it provides good basic knowledge about the field and skills needed.\nI do not regret enrolling and think that the course helped me get a boost in my design career. Not life-changing, but the course is pretty good.\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I\'m 6 business days removed from the course and I have an onsite interview with Amazon on 10 days after I graduated for a Designer Role. I am going through a recruiting agency but it was the resume rebuild that the outcomes program helped me with and my portfolio that was also designed in class that helped set me up. I received some prep info from the recruiting agency; after hearing what the company is looking for, I am confident that I have learned the skills needed from taking UXDI course. The next step is the interview process and making sure that I articulate my process clearly, something that is also taught as part of the immersive course. GA stresses so much how important networking is, and through networking is how I was able to get this onsite interview, I didn\'t wait till after I was done with the course before networking. I started early and told friends, family and anyone else who asked "what are you up to these days" about how I was going to a design school and where I wanted to be after. So when this role became available, a friend of mine contacted me and told me they have a opening for the role. Granted I didn\'t get hired or had the onsite yet, what happened here alone is a testament to how important networking is and that is why GA stresses it so much.\xa0\n*Disclosure* I\'m a very optimistic person, trying to find the lessons in every thing negative that happens so take that into consideration when reading my reviews.\xa0\nAbout the school itself, I had a great experience attending the course. I made new friends with talented people that I still keep in contact with. I was fortunate enough to be able to take time away from working so I can fully immerse myself into the course. I understand that there are bills that need to be paid but it is also a huge load of stress of your shoulders if you don\'t have to worry about working at the same time since the immersive course is a 9-5 kind of thing, I usually stayed a bit later and some days till 8pm when they kick me out working on projects and other things.\xa0\nThe instructor we had was very knowledgable and experienced, he was able to answer every question we had in a manner that he didn\'t just hand us the answer, but asked thought provoking questions that would lead us to the answer. Theres an instructor assistant who was also very knowledgeable and welcome as well that we were able to bounce ideas off of. Their feedback was also constructive and provided valuable insight. They\'re not here to hold your hand but they will support you when and where they can.\xa0\nSome other benefits is that you could attend any workshop that was hosted at GA for free, and there was also a hackathon at the end of the program. It was a great experience working under pressure with people you\'ve never met before.\xa0\nI feel like I benefitted from this course a lot and that it set me up to make the transition into the design field. The amount of work you put is what you\'ll get out of it to be honest, if you decide to put in as little as possible then of course you\'re going to benefit as little as possible. As RW3 would say, "the separation is in the preparation!" If you plan on taking this course, my advice is do everything as early as possible! If my resume wasn\'t ready to go right after I graduated then I wouldn\'t have been able to send it to the recruiter for my interview thats coming up. I also decided to code my own website using boot strap so that was a learning curve and took some time to polish as well (I\'m still not done polishing it) but I started 2 weeks before class ended.\xa0\nThe only con I have is that its tough to schedule a time with the Outcomes Person. Theres only 1 person for Seattle and she\'s awesome but getting that individual help takes some time. When I realized that this was going to become an issue, I started scheduling multiple 1on1s with her way ahead of time.\xa0\nGood Luck!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly taught me enough to co-found and lead the technical development of my startup. Having tinkered around with some web development during uni (although studying Geology) I\'d always been interested in coding but didn\'t have the confidence to make a career change.\xa0\n\nFast forward a couple years to when I met Johnnie, a TA(teaching assistant) at GA. I hadn’t heard of General Assembly at this point and within a few minutes of speaking with him, I felt like the ‘dark arts’ of coding were being demystified and providing me with the confidence to look into these boot camps/courses more seriously.\xa0\n\nAfter a couple weeks of research and visiting a few different academies I felt that GA was the best of the lot with the most friendly team and well-varied curriculum for web development. I applied and was accepted after some code challenges and interview.\n\nDay 0 - We meet the instructors, outcomes team and my classmates. WDI(Web Development Immersive) begun and I’d quit my job, oh sh1t this is real!\xa0\n\nThe beginning of the course is there to create the foundations of your development knowledge with HTML, CSS and plain JavaScript with libraries like jQuery covered. It’s structured well with daily assignments + morning reviews that happen\xa0throughout the course and is a great time to see a different solution or get help on your own.\n\nThe middle of the course gets tough and found it really challenging though immensely rewarding as at the end of the day when your head feels it’s about to explode you begin to do stuff second nature that earlier on in the course you could not. \xa0The group project also in this period was so much fun and the first glimpse into what working in a professional environment would be like albeit with your friends.\n\nThe end of the course like the middle was testing though at this point the training from the instructors kicks in. We’re not taught to learn the syntax or how quick you can write a function but how to problem solve, It’s perhaps the most crucial attribute a developer needs.\n\nThe final project which is normally done individually, I teamed up with a couple of friends that made it more fun but challenging as we dealt with git conflicts, way more code to ship and break. However writing our API ’s, integrating authentication and front-end logic became easier and we actually ended up with something that people couldn’t tell it’s been done by juniors (well at least someone not looking at our code haha).\n\n1 - 3 students get picked to become a TA in the next course and for my cohort, I was lucky enough to have been chosen, which contributed twofold to my coding knowledge\xa0as\xa0when a student you see your problem vs a TA who sees the classes problems! Though not only my coding at this point was improved, my teaching/management skills that I’d ultimately be applying in my startup today called\xa0Bunk. If you\'re on the course and thinking about applying for the TA, go for it.\xa0\n\nSomething I’ve not mentioned (in this rambly story) is the social aspect to GA. It was loads of fun with lots of time spent\xa0at the Black Horse || leman street tavern. Also due to the intimacy/circumstances of the course (we’ve quit our jobs to follow this idea), there\'s a real common ground for everyone to get along and am still chatting with classmates today.\xa0\n\nAll in all the curriculum element was challenging but completely worth it. I was there to learn and what you put in with these sorts of things is what you get out. The support staff and instructors were awesome both when a student and TA, I couldn’t recommend this place highly enough for those thinking about becoming a web developer.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., My background is in Anthropology and Architecture, and I have recently accepted an offer from a tech consultancy. It took me a lot longer (about 6 months) to get my first UX job compared to my classmates (some of them started working right after the course, and the majority got a job within\xa03/4 months).\xa0\nThe course was very well structured with a mixture of lectures and practical tasks (done individually and in groups). Some of my classmates felt the topics were not as indepth, but as a complete beginner, I felt there was\xa0a good amount material to learn. It was a close-knit learning/working environment so by the end of the course, we got to know each others pretty well. We still meet up once in a while and would like to do it more often.\xa0\nThe amount of career and personal development support suprised me. We received talks about insights of\xa0UX industry in London, tips on job search, and teamworking etc. In fact, teamworking is a major focus at GA, we worked in teams, we excercised agile ritual such as daily stand-ups and team retrospectives. In the first few weeks, we also had fun excercises that promote teamwork.\xa0\nGenerally speaking, it was a very positive experience at GA and I\'m proud to be part of the community. It was the best investment I have ever made so far.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate.]', "[I studied at General Assembly from September 2017 through December of the same year. Education aside for a brief moment, I want to talk first of all about the class experience. The way the course is structured allows you to make friends very early on. As it continues you're shuffled around to get to know as many people in as great a depth as possible. It's a really welcomed consideration to the course itself.\nThe learning is done in the format of both lectures and practical work. After a lesson in Card Sorting (for example) you'll go away and prepare and work on an actual card sort with users for a piece of work that ends up in your portfolio. This type of learning, I find extremely beneficial as it lays the foundation in the theory and solidifies your knowledge by practicing it. In the environment of learning alongside your peers that you're forming relationships with, you're all able to learn at your own pace as well as help and be helped.\nOn a personal level, I experienced some problems outside of GA during my second week. They made it extremely clear to me that everything would be ok and they would do everything they could to support me through what was a difficult period during the course. This is something I'll always be eternally grateful for with them.\nIn January 2018 I was lucky enough to become the Teacher's Assistant for the latest set of students to enter the programme. To be given the chance to pass my knowledge on to a new group of individuals was something I was incredibly excited for. Having just gone through the program myself and knowing GA had acknowledged me as someone they felt could do the job, I honestly felt so proud I can't put it into words. The cheesiness of the sentiment really has no words.\nFor the 8 months, I was with GA (3 months education, 3 months working, 1-month interim, 1-month job support) I've developed such a great sense of achievement, unlike anything I've experienced before in other forms of education that rely on a graded system. GA provides something far more meaningful than a letter on a piece of paper. I've left their system of education with a portfolio to be proud of. Skills to find work and succeed in interviews. Ongoing support throughout my career. Encouragement to stay involved and iterate me to become as great a UX Designer as I want to be.\n3 weeks after I'd finished my employment with General Assembly I was approached by a company to become the latest addition to their team. The staff has consistently checked in on me to see how things are going all the while remembering just where I am and the point I was at when we last spoke. This level of personal attention I find staggering.\nIn short, I can only thank General Assembly for everything they've helped me to achieve over this past year. It really has been the greatest year of my life to date.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I honestly did learn a lot at GA, and I felt like without it, I would not have made as much progress as quickly as on my own. My instructors were great, and everything went relatively smoothly. However, 12 weeks is not enough time to learn everything, even things they teach you in class you will have to probably go over on your own afterwards in more depth. But they definitely do a good job at getting you exposed and learning to write fullstack apps. My main gripe with GA is the career services/outcomes team. There isn't much help from them in getting a job. They just kind of go over your resume and cover letter over and over and over. There is a showcase after you graduate where you can show off to employers, but no one from my cohort got hired (we had some very bright/talented people too) so I don't know how effective it is. Not too many employers showed up as well. So you are pretty much on your own for the job hunt, and it sucks because the NYC tech market is hyper competitive (the most competitive after San Francisco) making it very hard to land that first job. TLDR: GA is a good program to get you started on your journey to becoming a developer, but definitely expect to keep improving and learning (and relearning) after the course is over, and don't expect much help from them with getting a job besides resume/cover letter tailoring.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., As a UI designer\xa0with certain experience in the industry, I needed to keep up to date with the evolution of the profession, so I wanted to learn UX. I've tried several online-courses, that were just about learning theory. It didn't work for, I needed to find a course with a more practical approach.\nAfter studying different options (even in different cities through Europe) I've decided to go to GA. It was more expensive but way more impressive in terms of curriculum. Honestly, that was one of the best decisions I've ever made.\nWhy?\n\n4 UX projects during 2,5 months (amazing practical experience!).\n\t\xa0\nCareer\xa0support - a crazy amount of helpful tips&tricks for a job search.\n\t\xa0\nMore and more companies are amazed by GA alumni and come back to GA to hire cool guys while they are still juniors.\n\t\xa0\nGA is not just another school, GA is a family. They support their grads no matter\xa0how long ago they've graduated. Moving to another city with GA campus? Come and say hi! And get a career support in your new city.\xa0\n\t\xa0\nGreat, interesting and highly motivated people. This a place where I met my friends.\n\nSo now I'm in love with UX and I'm in love with GA. Highly recommend!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I studied Art History at UCL and spent my 20s working my way through roles in arts organisations to become a Individual Giving Fundraiser at institutions including the Tate and the ICA. However, the came a point (when I turned 30 in fact!) where I realised I wanted to be much more hands on in my work ('build things') and explore other interests. I didn't think career change was a legitimate option until I was made aware of the existence of coding bootcamps!\xa0\nAfter researching my options in London (who knew there were so many!) I decided to go with General Assembly(GA) as I felt welcome and supported from the moment I enquired about the course.\xa0I committed to the GA Web Development Immersive and studied harder than I ever have for three months. The tutors were excellent and made themselves available after class to review any problem topics or to help fix bugs! My classmates were brilliant and were great at keeping each other motivated in the face of any challenges or moments of exhaustion!\nThe curriculum was huge and in three months we covered HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery as well as Angular.js, React, Node.js and Express in conjunction with MongoDB and a variety of npm packages. We completed four different projects, each with a different stack.\xa0The only thing missing for me in hindsight, would be that I wish I had spent more time practicing and reviewing fundamental JavaScript and programming concepts. It is one thing to know how to set up a React app but not much use if you haven't got your head around the basic JavaScript concepts and functions which make the framework so powerful.\xa0\nAfter graduating, thanks to the support of my classmates, tutors and the GA Outcomes Team,\xa0I was able to find a\xa0role as a Full Stack Developer at a start-up called JamieAi. I work on all our apps across the stack and continue to learn from brilliant colleagues and peers every day.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \nI had a very positive experience as a student of General Assembly's Web Development Immersive. I came from no computer science background, and am doing a career transition out of the military in my mid-20s. I am in a unique position as I am using this course as a springboard into business school, and not full time employment. I still think I can offer some valuable feedback to the course.\xa0\n\nPros:\n\nCohort was about 15 students. Strong collaborative culture. As students, we ate lunch together just about every day and enjoyed good conversation outside of the hard work we were doing.\nWe had two excellent instructors who struck a good balance between us learning how to solve our own problems without wasting our time banging our heads against intractable problems.\xa0\nThe technology stacks we focused on (HTML / CSS / Javascript / Mongo / Express / React / Node / Python / Postgres / Django / etc.) were all tremendously relevant and we got to apply them in our own projects. I learned the most through the projects and through through collaborating with fellow students.\xa0\n\nCons:\nIf I had to pick a con, I would say that some of the career outcomes work (called Outcomes) had some issues with organization and communication at times. Utilizing Github there was sometimes a disconnect between the request and submission of documents for review, like a resume or cover letter. The fact that I mention this small thing should be an indication of how well run the program is overall.\n\nGeneral Assembly gives you everything you need - you have to drive the car at the end of the day. I could not be more satisfied with my experience and hope to leverage what I have learned to pursue software technology entrepreneurship.\n\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., I completed my web development immersive course with General Assembly. Mornings at GA were always interactive following up with daily stand ups which involved challenges faced by each individual during projects or homework. This Web development immersive course was set in Agile environment followed by the interactive lessons throughout the course to overcome any issues and kept up-to-date with the latest technologies and current demand in market. The course is quite challenging and fast-paced as I had to build all projects in one week time-frame which developed my personality in ways I did not imagine. I am now ready more than ever to accept whatever challenges come in my way. The instructor and teacher are very helpful. I definitely recommend taking up the course with General assembly.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \xa0\nI was extremely nervous to make a career change in my late-30s, but GA's User Experience Design Immersive program was exactly what I needed to help position myself in my new career in UX.\xa0\nThe coursework is voluminous, tough, and thorough. And my instructor was top-notch. He was clear with his delivery of the material, thoughtful in his dealings with the students, and provided guidance after the program finished.\nGA's staff was genearlly\xa0friendly and did their best to make the students happy throughout the course. The Outcomes program (basically career counseling) was instrumental in my process of finding a job once I graduated. Lots of valuable information and availability to one-on-one conversations with the Outcomes team members.\xa0\nI would absolutely recommend GA and its UXDI course to anyone considering making the jump into UX.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Definitely not a horrible course, in fact if you are willing to work real hard afterwards then you can really get a lot out of it.\nPros: broad content, smooth delivery through Zoom, Github, and slack\nCons: lacks depth, no feedback on final project, no post-program career advice/job support\nA note on the cons: I'm sure that if (when) I ask for feedback and career advice I'll receive some, but I don't think that having to ask for these things\xa0is the standard that should be set at these private tech schools. There should be a standard, systematic way for each student to receive feedback and career advice.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., I made the decision to attend General Assembly's UX Design immersive program because I was moving to Boston for personal reasons, and I wanted to take advantage of the transition to do a career 180 degree change. As a former social science academic with a ton of customer service experience, I felt that UX design would be a good fit and that I had a lot of potentially transferable skills, but no training in design, nor any exposure to working in a corporate setting.\nGeneral Assembly really helped me make a successful transition into UX design, and the proof is in the pudding: after a 5-month job search, I found a job in UX that I absolutely love, full time with great benefits. My instructor gave her all, and I learned a TON. I have to also give a special shout-out the front lines staff at our campus, who go the extra mile every single day to make our GA experience enjoyable, fun, and full of pleasant surprises. \xa0\nWhile the instructor was excellent and the curriculum took me where I needed to go in terms of a foundation in design thinking and methods, in my mind the real $$$ value of the program is in the Outcomes Support you get after you've finished the coursework. I think that it is more valuable for some than for others, but I was definitely one of the people who benefited immensely from it. The amount of support, advice, and even hand-holding at times that I received from my Outcomes officers was extraordinary, and almost certainly the reason I was able to get the job that I got. \xa0\n\nTo be fair, the GA immersive experience is not for everyone, and it requires A TON of work on your part to be successful, both during and after the actual program. It's also pretty expensive, so I recognize that I was extremely priviledged to be there in the first place. But I know that I wouldn't be where I am right now if I hadn't done GA, and I also have a wonderful network of friends and colleagues from the experience, plus a life-long professional community of alums to tap into in the future.\xa0\nMy advice to anyone considering GA is this: try to talk to a couple of people who have done the program you're interested in *with the instructor you would have.* So much of the success or failure here depends on whether you can jibe with the instructor, with whom you'll spend 9-10+ hours a day for 10-ish weeks. Make sure that the instructor is fully dedicated to helping their students succeed.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., Overall, a poor experience.\nThe pre-work was useful in getting across the basics, but the none of the actual course work was related to any of the compulsory pre-work.\nMuch of the interactive practical coding exercises were skipped over as the instructor focused heavily on mathematical theory. While understanding this is important, \xa0it was not tied into the actual coding as well as it could have been, if at all, leaving me confused most of the time.\nWe were asked to complete mid-course feedback, which was overall not very positive. General Assembly appeared to have delivered this feedback to the instructors immediately before the next class, resulting in a somewhat awkward atmosphere for the remainder of that lesson, which ended an hour early.\nThere were a few occasions where GA would deliver beers and wine for students... which the instructors also participated in, leading to let's say a very relaxed atmosphere where not much learning took place. There were also issues with course producers leaving GA mid way through the course. This was not communicated very well. I was trying to get in touch with someone to find out about homework, and no one replied to any of my emails, or messages left on the course's slack channel (of which the course producers and instructors were participants). That not even the instructors would respond to a request for information did not sit well with me.\xa0\nThis course was good for teaching me how to use Stack Overflow and Code Academey - most of my learning took place there as the course provided code in Github was often full of errors that sometimes even the instructors did not know how to fix. In addition to this, the instructor would sometimes not know how to demonstrate code in practice (maybe why they spent so much time on mathematical theory?) so they reverted to teaching us how to do things in R - which was not what we signed up for.\nBy the end of it, we were unable to submit the final assessments by the course end date, presumably because not enough people had managed to grasp the content due to its delivery. They added an extra two weeks for people to submit their final assessments via google hangout. The rubric for this was updated on the day the course was meant to finish, indicating the goal-posts were constantly changing for students right until the end.\nFeedback for assessments was not delivered at all throughout the course. I met with the course producer after the mid way feedback, and was told I should have been getting feedback, but then nothing came of this until after the course ended where I was told I would be getting everything after the final assessment was submitted. Not a good experience.\nAnother comment about the calibre of training staff... There were two separate instances where I told the instructor I did not understand (so required help). In one instance, the instructor came to try and help me, but walked off without a offering a solution after he was unable to sort out the error message in the practice code. On a second occasion, he just walked away after I indicated I did not understand what we needed to do. (We had spent so much time on theory, I did not know how to code).\nI did meet with the course producer after submitting my mid course feedback, and felt my issues had been listened to and addressed, but by the end of it, things just reverted back to how they were beforehand, which was greatly dissapointing. They did offer to call me to talk through my end of course feedback, but I felt this would be a waste of time given how things reverted back to their old ways after the mid course feedback.\nLong story short, I would definitely NOT recommend this course to anyone who is looking to learn Python. You are best to do this on a website that offers this course for free, because that is what I ended up having to do anyway.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful11Flag as inappropriate., GA put together an intensive Data Analytics course that went through Excel, SQL, and Tableau in depth, as well as constructing effective presentations based on insights from data. The projects are hands on and give you a good understanding of each data tool. I personally have a background in Excel, so that portion of the class was a little slow for me, but the rest of the course really made it worth my time. There is no requirement to have any knowledge of Excel walking into the course, which could be a good thing for some. I think Excel is easy to pick up from tutorials on the internet, so I wish we had spent a little less time learning the fundamentals in Excel and more time on Tableau. Besides that, the teaching was great and they give you whatever help you need. There are a lot of times where the technology is faulty and it disrupts class because the display disconnects, etc. but the teaching in general is very effective. I got a lot out of the course!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Denver General Assembly is a smaller, newish GA campus. I believe\xa0they're also one of the highest performing in the country. The learning experience was phenomenal, but the culture and networking was above and beyond what I expected. I made lifelong friends and careerlong contacts during this course. Our instructors were outstanding – genuinely\xa0great people who had decades of industry experience and also great teaching skills. We still stay in touch.\nOur curriculum\xa0was cutting edge, incorporating the latest technology and centuries old, tried and true design theories. Industry professionals were woven into our days for panels and talks. We also spent time building our\xa0portfolios, working with real clients, and preparing for the job hunt. I know we learned the latest and greatest because I wowed potential employers at all of my interviews with my portfolio.\nI felt like I was really well prepared for my job search. While most of my cohort\xa0found jobs within a month, I took a little longer but fell within my estimate of around 3 months. Career coaching was a priority at GA, and our coach was there to provide support above and beyond, introducing us to channels, people, events, reviewing countless resumé updates, and keeping us in line!\nHIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS COURSE!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate.]", "[I was skeptical when I enrolled in General Assembly's UX Design Bootcamp. It's an expensive, for-profit, unaccredited educational institution. Those characteristics go against everything I'd\xa0been told to look for in an educational pursuit.\xa0\nAs a graduate, I cannot say enough good things about the program, and I am jealous of the cohort currently learning with our phenomenal instructors. The instructors are, without a doubt, the backbone of the course. Our Denver instructors were passionate, supportive, and wealths of knowledge. They not only taught us a tremendous amount but also connected us with the local community and introduced us to awesome organizations. I feel fully prepared entering the world as a *junior* UX designer.\xa0I'm eternally grateful to them and the GA staff.\nAll that being said, this is NOT a job placement program; you absolutely have to hustle to get your first job, and no one can or will do that work for you.\xa0Our career counselor gave us all of the tools to position us to be the best possible applicants out there (seriously, I feel like I'm a LinkedIn, Meetup, and applicant tracking system guru), but even so, the job search takes time (it can be many months) and starting salaries can be low. I think this is all completely reasonable, and I'd only ask that GA be very upfront about this truth.\xa0\nFor me, the course was worth it. I'm happier and more excited about my work and my job than I ever have been, and\xa0I'd take the course again in a heartbeat.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Great course. Got a paid internship / junior role within 2 months of finishing the course with a brilliant agency. The UXDI content is diverse and interesting, teaching staff are very engaged and just good all round people.\nI now work in an environment I love with the best people I've ever worked with. Very expensive course but definitely worth it to leave behind a career that leaves you feeling meh.\nThe careers ('outcomes') team are absolutely brilliant. Just do what they say and be nice / keen and you can get a good gig afterwards.\nOne of the best things I've ever done. Thank you GA!\nThe caveats:\xa0\n- really, really think twice (thrice?) about doing this if you have very young kids (unless you have full time\xa0childcare and/or a partner who doesn't want to see you\xa0for 3 solid months). You will work 6 full days a week, and some very late nights, and on day 7 you'll be braindead. This gets good results but can put a big strain on family life. That factor was my only big regret.\n- cross your fingers for a good cohort. The people you train with have a big impact on how much you get out of the course\n- the market for Juniors is pretty competitive so get ready to roll your sleeves up and be very proactive to get your first role.\n- you will learn a lot in a short space of time, and yet not know very much when you come out compared to your colleagues if you work in a good agency. Don't expect to come out a pro. This is just the first step!\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., GA in UXD provides me in-depth learning and best practices in UXD industry particular in design thinking and design process.\xa0 My practitioner, Alvin Loh is helpful and answer all our questions as details as possible. As of now, I can be very sure I'm better prepared when I'm conducting UX process or workshop.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I want to start by saying I am only 18. Most of the people I see attend this are in their 20s but don't feel like being younger than everyone will stop you if you are considering coming to GA after high school.\xa0\nThe course is fast paced and you have to put in the time and effort if you want to succeed. You may not have a whole lot of time during the weeks for the duration of the course so it's really a committment. I think the fast paced is perfect for learning, especially for web development. You need to be able to learn on your own as a developer and the course really encourages you to do that.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I highly recommend GA for Web Development Immersive course for the people that want to do a career change into web development in a short period of time. \nI have to say that the best way to do this course is by totally committing to it, giving up most of your weekends to get most out of it. \nJoel teacher wast the best teacher I ever had. He had extensive knowledge in this field and was very lucky to have him as an instructor, same with the teacher assistants, they were extra helpful . \nAlso Lucy was super helpful with helping what to do after GA, and I really thank her for all her effort she put to help us all in having the job we wanted. \nJoining GA was one of the best decisions in my life. I could not say anything bad about the whole experience, plus the new campus is great!!!\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I started my career in design being an engineer. I always lack details on UX terms and process. I compared many courses available online and found some great feedback online. The syllabus was exactly what I wanted to learn. I decided to go ahead with this. It was one of the best decision I made to opt for this course. I have learned the whole UX process. This gonna help me in my career for sure.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., That course is like a guide to the new field. If you want to became really Data Scientist, you have to get more knowlodge beyond that course. Anyway they\xa0have\xa0very good instructors and community. Thanks.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly is a great school for expanding your skillset. I was sponsored by my work to take\xa0the part-time UX course. I apply things I learned in my UX course at work and in life daily. Taking this course has truly influenced the way I think about design and approach problems.\xa0The classes are always interesting. I was never bored in class and I always felt that the material was relevant.\nThere were two main negatives to taking the part-time course. The first is that you don't\xa0receive direct job assistance from General Assembly like the full time course does. The second is that it can feel like there isn't enough class time to do activities or dive deeply into topics.\xa0\nThat being said, I loved the course and am thankful I had the opportunity to take it!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The\xa0quality of the curriculum, instructors, job support, and facilities we're great. The instructors were great as well. Only issue I would have is that the ciriculum\xa0was TOO fast paced for me personally. Would have loved to seen a slower paced ciriculum\xa0offered.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This was a blog post I wrote in 2015 about my experience at GA that I still this is relevant.\xa0\nThis was a really good experience for me. My situation is not going to be like everyone else’s, so let me give you the low down on why, for me, it was a good fit.\nIf you don’t feel like reading this epistle, skip to the bottom and read the section on “What to expect if you are thinking…”\nI’ve been learning HTML and CSS off and on over the past six years. I bought books and read them. Did online tutorials. Had friends and co-workers walk me through the basics of HTML and CSS. I cannot tell you how many times I have created the “Hello World!” page. I have learned a bit over the years, but not enough to be considered dangerous by any stretch of the imagination.\nI’m currently working at FamilySearch as a UX/UI designer. Been there for a little over two and a half years, and during that time our webDev team put together a skills building program. A set of requirements that demonstrates understanding, application, and proficiency of core HTML, CSS and JS principles. Developed for our webDevs, our UX El Jefe challenged the designers to get certified in a different discipline in order to have a more well-rounded understanding of how our designs are implemented in the code.\nI cannot emphasize this enough: to learn how to code has been one of the best career decisions I have ever made.\n“The more we know how the web works, the better we can design for it. A painter knows paint. A sculptor knows clay or marble. Musicians understand acoustics, feedback, mics, guitars, pianos, etc. There’s a technical aspect to every medium. The better a designer understands the technical aspects of their craft, the better their designs.”\n–Tom DeForest, UX Heros: John Dilworth\nEnter General Assembly\nI did my homework and developed my own objectives as aligned with FamilySearch’s goals towards certification. Then I contacted General Assembly (GA) and told them I was interested in their program. Based on my prior learnings…if you could even call them that, I felt like I had enough background in HTML/CSS to make the course do-able and help me get certified. I received the course outline for GA’s FEWD program and ran it past my webDev managers. They thought it was a solid curriculum and gave it their blessing.\nMy FEWD class was taught by two developers; the course instructor is a professional in the web development community, and the TA is a recent graduate from the General Assembly Web Development Immersive program. My class was 10-weeks long and held on Saturdays from 10–5 at their Santa Monica LA campus. Class size was about 30–35 students.\nI was really happy with the course. The highlights for me were: learning and understanding the HTML/CSS/JS syntax and document structure; responsive design and utilizing media queries; some Bootstrap and how to use the responsive framework; how to talk to my devs and use their terminology when communicating my designs. This one sounds a little funny, but it’s true: learning how to ask Google. Google will tell you anything you want it to, as long as you know how to ask correctly. If I have questions about code, syntax, structure, etc. I now know how to ask. Creating WordPress themes. This was a bonus. We built a custom theme in class based on a previous homework assignment. I was even able to turn my final project into a WordPress theme based on that class.\nTo graduate from the FEWD program there were essentially two requirements: attend 80% of the classes, and build a site that demonstrated what we learned. GA wanted us to build a multiple page site with linking pages, and use of HTML/CSS/JS.\nCoding is a language. If you’re not going to use it, you’re going to lose it. Stay on top of it. Also, learn to jump in and figure it out.\nWhat to expect if you are thinking about taking this class:\nIf you want to get the most out of this course, code. Then code some more. The best way to learn is repetition. I probably spent an additional 10–15 hours per week outside of class time coding. I did my homework. Deleted it. And did it again. The course is expensive. Get everything you can out of it.\nThe course is designed to increase your skill set, not to get you a job as a developer. If you are looking to change careers, this is not that kind of course. You will want the Web Development Immersive course or something similar.\nYou are not going to learn how to design for the web. You are going to learn how to code.\nThe lessons are structured as high-level primers with code-a-longs. The instructors expect you to take the initiative and learn to delve deeper on your own. Instructors are always available for questions and help.\nI wish the instructors talked more about best practices and correct principles and guidelines.\nThe course seemed to cater to the people who were struggling with coding concepts. It slowed the overall pace of the class.\nMake use of lab time and the instructors’ office hours. Their time is invaluable. Use it.\nThere are always events going on at the Santa Monica campus. For the most part, it was fine, but sometimes it got really annoying and distracting. GA needs a building better suited for the number of classes, lectures, and seminars at that location.\nI wish we spent more time on vanilla JavaScript, but I think they could have spent the whole ten weeks just on this.\nFree snacks and candy.\nGreat networking opportunities with classmates and instructors.\nAccess to GA Front Row, lectures and seminars.\nSuggestions for General Assembly:\nExpand the FEWD curriculum. If I was running GA, that’s what I would do. You can thank me later.\nFEWD 101\nUtilize the current part-time FEWD curriculum. Overview and application of HTML and CSS with an intro in JS.\nFEWD 201\nFull vanilla JavaScript class. Understanding the DOM and DOM manipulation. JS libraries and how they work and integrate with your site. A little bit of jQuery with an intro in Angular JS.\nFEWD 301\nGetting comfortable with the command line. Using git and github and understanding version control. Scaffolding and frameworks. Drill down on all or few of these (Node JS, Angular JS, Express JS, Node Package Manager (npm), Bower, Grunt, Gulp, Yeoman, Web Starter Kit.) And finally, testing. You could work with companies that have hired GA WDI alums and adjust the program as needed.\nHope this helps.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I attend the Web Development Immersive program\xa0and it completely changed the course of my life and career.\xa0 Everyday I am shocked and elated that this program worked so well for me and my peers.\xa0 I recommend GA to anyone I know looking to make the switch into tech.\xa0 I loved my experience and am grateful everyday for choosing to enroll at GA.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I can say without a doubt that going to\xa0 General Assembly is the best thing I have done in life thus far. I went to multiple different open houses for coding boot camps and GA was the one that stuck out to me because of how open and friendly the staff was. I felt like home. My 12 week during the WDI course was like nothing I have taken before. It was rigorous but very rewarding. I was skeptical of the idea that I could learn everything to become a proficient web developer in 12 weeks and boy was a wrong. Not only was I able to finish my 12 weeks of coursework and continue on to land 2 software jobs after graduating. One of which I got because of GA's hiring network(Current Job) but I was able to go back and teach the knowledge I had received from GA. General Assembly changed my life and I couldn't be more grateful for a school like this to exist. I couldn't have done it without my wonderful instructors, classmates and the staff members at GA\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate.]", '[I joined GA in hopes of changing my career from being an elementary school teacher to being a designer for education technology. I had always been interested in user interfaces but didn\'t really see any college programs that would give me the value that I needed in such a short amount of time. The UX Design Immersive program at GA peaked my interest because I was told that I would learn about the user experience design process from research to visual design in 10 weeks. After I joined, I learned how fast, fun, and challenging the agile design process is. My instructor Natasha had such valuable insight after working in the industry, using real-life examples to answer every one of our classes questions (we couldn\'t stump her!) Working with others (both users and designers) at GA helped me understand the types of questions and tests that are important to go through to make sure that my designs were user friendly and intuitive. I also learned how to sketch, make wireframes, and create high-fidelity visual designs. I use all of these skills at my job today - I work at TeachersConnect and am their only UX Designer for their app. We work through one-week design sprints from research to visual design just like I did at GA. The several in-class projects and real-client project really allowed me practice my skills and prepared me for what I do every day at TeachersConnect. I was able to get my job thanks to the amazing career coach Julie that I had worked with during and after my program. Above all, I have come back to GA because of the community that is there for me. Everyone there is always willing to lend a helping hand (or do a quick user test!) My classmates are now my UX colleagues and good friends, and are all happy at their new UX jobs as well. GA was one of the smartest choices I made. I would recommend it to anyone who is willing to work hard and use the resources that GA offers to make a career change.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., Firstly to give a true and fair review of the General Assembly bootcamp I have to say I\'m not paid by them or have any affiliations to market their business. I can choose not to say anything but I feel that I have to because I believe there are many people considering a career change into the tech industry (like myself) but do not know who to trust to help them get a job at the end of it. My\xa0review will be for GA in Melbourne, Australia, as I\'m not sure if the outcomes are the same in other locations. To sum it up if people can\'t be bothered to read further, yes I got offered a job prior to graduating, yes I found other jobs, yes I am still working in the tech industry as a software developer. Also I didn\'t have prior education in any I.T related fields before joining.\nI\'m so glad to have signed up and gone through the course, to sum up the course in one paragraph I must say, the course is well structured and starts from the basics. I found that there was enough homework at the end of the day. The supporting staff are there to help from day 1. The teaching staff includes 1 instructor and 1 or 2 technical assistants. The course makes you want to step out of your comfort zone and you will make mistakes but that is a good thing as it is a safe learning environment.\nMost importantly the material they teach is highly relevant for the current market. If you do everything as they say and continue to improve your skills you will be in a good position at the end of the course to find work you are interested in.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., Great course and instructor.\xa0 Just would like to get in to Javascript much sooner and stick with it longer\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I can\'t thank General Assembly enough for the great experience that I had. Prior to GA,\xa0I was working a retail job where I wasn\'t feeling fullfiled with the work I was doing. At the time, I was also self-learning how to code through Codeacademy, free tutorials from Apple\'s iBooks, and attending meet-up events\xa0after work. One morning while riding the subway to work, I came upon an advertisement that would encourage me to take the leap into changing my career.\xa0\nGeneral Assembly\'s Web Development Immersive course is a challenging course where you\'ll be coding from 9-5 with about 2-3 hours of homework that is due at 10pm. They make it clear to you from day 1 that WDI is no joke. I strongly recommend spending about 1-3 months preparing before you decide to take the course. Instructors won\'t always hand hold you so if you are not the self-learning type, this may be a very challenging course for you. Although I don\'t consider myself as someone who is an amazing programmer, I sat next to individuals in class who were. Choosing who you sit next to in class\xa0is quite important when you need help debugging or just catching up with what\xa0instructors are going through. I\xa0also highly recommend finding friends that you can work with after class in completing assignments. After all, software is a team sport.\xa0\nIn terms of job opportunities, I had known from the beginning that I wanted to go into a more business/tech role.\xa0I discovered the route of technical product management and expressed that to my career coach (who was super awesome by the way) and Outcomes manager earlier on. Learning how to code has opened up many doors for me. Currently, I just landed a role in PM so everything worked out in the end!\xa0\nThere are some people who has complained about GA but the reality is that if you are willing to put in the effort great things will happen! You can\'t expect to learn everything in the span of 12 weeks so instructors really do a great job at teaching students how to learn on their own as well as in team environments. I remember going to GA everyday (including the weekends) because I was 100% committed to succeeding in this course. I thoroughly enjoyed the time that I had there. Thank you General Assembly!\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., One word - Brilliant.\n\r\nThis course was delivered in a timely and clear manner. Our instructors are knowledgeable and welcoming to new students especially to those who are not proficient or new to Analytics.\xa0\nThe learning environment is practical and fosters creativity which is vital to a short course such as this one, allows us the freedom and confidence to experiment and improve when we are not in class.\xa0\nFurthermore, the communication between instructors and the GA admin is immediate and informative - this is a huge stress relief for us all as undertaking this course while we have other commitments can be strenuous.\xa0\nWith that, it would be slightly more beneficial to students if the course could be more tailored to the local demographics - however I understand the course is designed in NYC, however some autonomy to the local instructors could serve to benefit students.\nOther than that - I would 10/10 recommend this course.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I just graduated from General Assembly\'s Web Development Immersive in Atlanta -- WDI12. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at GA and feel confident that, with time, I will find the right company to exercise my newly honed skills.\xa0\nThe instructors, teaching assistants, frontline staff, and outcomes career coach make for a safe and challenging space in which to learn. From day one\xa0of the course, both the operations manager and the instructors make it very plain -- this is going to be exceptionally\xa0hard. It\'s an immersive, your\xa0days will be consumed with schoolwork\xa09-5 and\xa05-9. In my experience, it was more like 8:30am to 11pm every single day -- nothing but code, new tools, face palming because you were missing a semi-colon in one place and it took you hours to find it, frustrating, and maddeningly\xa0rewarding.\xa0\nThere is\xa0one variable that is beyond your\xa0control and that is who is sitting in the classroom with you. I cannot emphasize enough how important my\xa0peers were to me. I graduated with some of the most humble, compassionate, and brilliant developers. Every single person would happily pause what they were doing to help a fellow classmate whether it were to debug a problem\xa0or offer an opinion on styling.\xa0I hope every GA cohort is so lucky to have amazing peers\xa0and instructors to lean on.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., Web Development Immersive\nFull time Full stack developer bootcamp\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA wasn\'t just about a coding experience, it has also given me an understanding of being adaptable to the ups and downs that we had experienced in the beginning of each unit. I now embody a strong self-belief that regardless of the outside circumstances, I am able to do whatever I set my mind to because I have done so many times before. Another great fulfilling experience was working in a group, it has helped me develop a team mindset and an ability to find the unique speciality in each of my team members. It also gave me a chance to push myself and support my team at the same time, which is a plus!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Most appealing aspect of General Assembly courses is the practical and hands-on nature. We get the opportunity to learn concepts and\xa0become aware of relevant tools, then\xa0\xa0offers a platform to apply all we\xa0learn and share our findings in the form of a final project. Instructors are of high caliber, we are able to learn from true experts. Support staff are very friendly with great customer service. This course demonstrates "Data is the future of oil", when data is handled and managed appropriately, decisions can be more effective.\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., As a freshly graudated 22 year old math major with little idea of what career I wanted to pursue, I stumbled upon General Assembly\'s Data Science Immersive Program shortly after graduating and am extremely satisifed with my overall experience. My instructors in the course were extremely knowledgeable and taught me more than I ever could imagine in the course of three months. Although I can\'t say I\'m a master of machine learning (it would be impossible to do so in just three months), I know what I don\'t know and have honed the ability to LEARN which is perhaps the most important skill in the tech industry nowadays. This course put me on track to succeed as a data scientist\xa0in my mid 20s and the confidence to go out into a job interview ready to answer techincal questions and having\xa0valuable skills to bring to the table.\nOne important thing to note about the course\xa0is that you\xa0really need to drive to constantly learn new things and also have some interest in mathematics/ programming or you will quickly fall behind. That being said if you want to make a career change into working with data and possess those attributes, the GA Data Science Immersive Program is a great start\xa0to catapult you into the field.\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., I felt satisfied every day with the amount of knowledge given to me. This course is excellent for newcomers in Web Dev as well as people with more experience. If you feel like you are drowning in work just keep pushing through and you will succeed, they really do give you everything you need to succeed.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I went to General Assembly when I realized that I was ready for a big career shift and I was going to need some help.\xa0I was beginning\xa0the process of switching careers from an actor on Broadway to a role in the tech industry as a web developer. I am incredibly grateful to the entire team at GA for their help and support on my journey. First and foremost, GA\'s teaching staff are not just great educators, but also professionals currently working in the industry. Their knowledge stems from a deeper understanding of how you will actually\xa0use these technologies in an day to day\xa0working environment. As a result, I never felt like I was being taught something that wouldn\'t be relevant. They were all passionate about the material and had clearly taken time to prepare before the class. I am forever grateful for the teachers I had during my time at GA.\xa0\n\r\nThe second thing about my experience at GA that I cannot praise enough is their outcomes team. One of the biggest problems I had with my undergraduate experience was that I felt like I was educated on what to do once I had the job I was seeking but there was no\xa0help or real hands-on training or support for\xa0how to get the job. GENERAL ASSEMBLY\xa0DOES THIS SO WELL! Their team worked with us very early on in the course\xa0and for months after I had graduated. Having people actively\xa0sharing your resume, supporting you, submitting your work, and working on your behalf\xa0who know you personally is so valuable. And they aren\'t just helping you find the job but educating you on how to improve your resume, interview techniques, cover letters and more. This is what puts General Assembly ahead of so many other schools that offer web development courses.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate.]', '[I enrolled in the WDI of GA because I wanted to learn how to create websites. In the 3 months I was with them, the instructor taught us everything we needed to know and more. GA does a spectacular job of providing support to its students and creating a fun and lively ambience for students to learn. I highly recommend the course to anyone who wants to learn web development.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The course is very well structured and challenging. GA\xa0have the best instructors and the best supporting staff, they make the learning experience so much fun.\xa0I learned so much in such a short period of time, and I enjoyed every moment of the course.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I\'ve worked in the digital industry for 15 years but was feeling a bit flat. I finally had the headspace (after having 2 kids) to start thinking about my career again and wanted to fill in the gaps and get up to speed. \nThat was my intention... but what happened exceeded expectations. \nI had used the \'tools of the trade\' before, and had even freelanced as a UX designer. But this course gave me a better understanding of the\xa0WHY, and HOW\xa0to\xa0turn all the bits of information into actionable insights and using that to inform the design process. \nIt was challenging and empowering to break old habits and to focus so much energy on making sure you are solving the \'right\' problem before allowing yourself to move into solution mode. Seeing classmates go through their own \'aha\' moments was really interesting, as was the breadth of final presentations and hearing all the challenges and pivot moments. We had\xa0an extremely supportive group of teachers, teaching aids and classmates. \nTwo\xa0months on, and I am loving my job. Applying the \'process\' of UX to my current work has been immensely satisfying and achieving much better results. Instead of using\xa0the \'tools\' in an ad hoc manner, I have the confidence to communicate the entire process as part of risk management and get more engagement from stakeholders. Instead of being reactive when somebody tells me they need a solution that does XYZ, I can use the UX language to find out more about the \'suspected problem\' so we can move through the various stages to make sure we are solving the right problem before we even start thinking about the solution. \nI could go on and on. Suffice to say I loved the course and completely recommend it.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., A well run course, pitched primarily at the entry level for Digital Product Managers. \xa0The presenter did a great job of presenting the key principles in a fresh and lively manner and illustrated many key points with some real world examples. \xa0The class members were energetic, fun and made solid contributions to learning for everyone. \xa0Final, group project added an extra dimension to learning and it was practical and fun. \xa0A great way for me to get a refresh on some key Product Management principles and upskill on more digitally focussed areas.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took WDI from March to June of 2015. I previously had a job in community relations, but felt uninspired by my day-to-day (I just hated it). I tried out some free resources on\xa0Codecademy and applied to several bootcamps. After checking a few out, I liked the campus and curriculum at General Assembly the best.\nAbout two years later - no regrets. I love programming, and GA gave me what I needed to do this as a career! My teachers were fantastic, passionate, and gifted with coding and educational chops. It was VERY stressful at times, but I loved working together with my classmates to get to "the next level," so to speak.\nMy only note is that I had a job lined up before graduation, so I don\'t have experience with the career coaching so much.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., Course reviewThis Review Is Helpful76Flag as inappropriate., I took the Data Analytics part-time course in London. The program consists of learning the process of data analysis and practical skills to perform data analysis.\n\xa0\nNowadays for online business, marketing & data analysis tend to become a one-person job as campaigns can be optimised in real time based on their performances.\xa0This program gives you a set of skills that aren\'t taught at the university if you studied broad subjects like marketing or business.\nThe theoretical part was very useful for me to understand what is the best approach before to do a specific analysis. How to prepare the business questions and choose a data set.\nThen we did many exercises using Excel, SQL, Tableau to learn how to leverage those tools to make the analysis and provide great data insights.\nWhat makes me satisfied is that I could use at work the next day what I had learned at night.\xa0\nI also met interesting, passionate and motivated people. In my group there was people from many industries (Finance, online business, offline business ...).\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful10Flag as inappropriate., Great Product Management course for a med device product manager. Learned enough to understand how I could improve my job today and where I could keep improving.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The Data Science course at GA was excellent!\nAs anyone who has any prior knowlege of the field would expect, the curriculium is quite broad, and as a result the part-time course does not go in depth in any areas, but rather takes you through the basics in as many areas as it can in 10 weeks. I imagine the full-time course would provide a more conclusive education, but i can\'t really comment on that.\nEven though I would not recommend the part-time course to people looking for a conclusive education, it was invaluable to me and will be to people looking to explore the options available in the Data Science profession. The part-time course does not pretend to give you all the tools you need to succeed in the industry. Instead, GA has clearly realised that would be cramming too much into too little time, and have structured the course to give you a good introduction to each area of Data Science and provide you with enough information to get you started on your own educational journey.\nThis course will provide you with the basic knowlege of tools, concepts and processes needed to get started with your own exploration and an excellent environment to ask questions and network with like-minded professionals.\nI would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in getting started in Data Science, but doesn\'t know where to start and what\'s involved.\nThis Review Is Helpful10Flag as inappropriate., I learned so much in such a short period of time, GA has taken me from knowing basic HTML, CSS, JS to being a full stack developer. After graduating I managed to add another 2 full stack applications to my portfolio, which goes to show you don’t even need your teachers afterwards to get stuff done since they teach you everything properly\xa0 so it sticks!\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took an on-campus Software Engineering Immersive course at General Assembly in Manhattan and I had a great experience. The on campus atmosphere was nice and friendly and conductive to learning. The professors and TA\'s were available for help and excellent at teaching technical skills as well as explaining what is relevant in the industry. The outcomes team and career coach were super helpful in explaining what the field is like as far as job seeking and getting through interviews in the software engineering field (this was an area I felt inexperienced with and unsure about). I finished the course feeling much more confident about that. The staff was cool and so were fellow students, who were as driven to grow and succeed as I was. We formed some awesome friendships there. Overall, it\'s an experience that helped me grow and get the kind of job I was looking for, so I recommend it.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Enrolled in General Assembly\'s 480+ hour Software Engineering Immersive program, covering HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery, ReactJS (router, hook, context, Jest), Node, MongoDB/Mongoose, Express (mocha, chai, supertest), SQL, Python, and Django. Covers a broad range of subjects at a fast pace.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Trying to crack into the tech field without the resources/network/knowledge is a tall order but through the GA SEI Bootcamp, I was able to launch into a career despite having little development/coding experience before joining GA. This doesn\'t mean that it will be easy, the months spent in the course were some of the longest/hardest times but the instructors/TA\'s & your fellow classmates truly help propel you to the finish line. While there are definitely some things that could be improved upon (some lectures were not updated/group time truly dependent on if the individuals cared about doing work that day) the overall experience was great. Outcomes were extremely responsive post-course and helped improve my chances of landing a full-time position. At the end of the day, as most others have already said, the amount of effort you put in will show in the end.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Bootcamps are not for the faint of heart. GA made sure to let me know this, from the interview process to enroll, to the pre-course work, inclusive subscription to a wellness coach via Ginger app, your on-call course Student Success Specialist (mine was Lo - they were super supportive!), scheduled teacher check-ins, the built-in supportive channels on the GA Slack network, and the STRONG suggestion to treat this as a full-time job from day on top of recommendations to schedule in self-care time and have support people outside of the course to unwind with.I say this to show:A. Yes, it is really is an intensive - and, at times, brutal - amount of work (because the diversity of the topics means there will always be elements you\'re weaker in)\xa0B. They don\'t treat student intake casually - it\'s quality over quantity and\xa0C. They\'re constantly iterating the course process to better set up for success with each cycle.During the course, I was in class or working on assignments for most of my waking hours. I definitely investing in an ergonomic chairs, second screen, blue light filter glasses and taking screen breaks. The biggest factor of course satisfaction is going to be my co-students and the instructional team and they were both freaking excellent. Our course started our large enough to get 2 Instructors (Emily Landsman, Jeffrey Preston) and 2 Instructional Assistants (Aly Gombos, Jennifer Houlihan) and all of them had a different skill set, backgrounds, and approach to teaching. We also were the test-run class for a UXDI/SEI crossover project which taught us a lot about interacting cross-departmentally with software developers. I\'ve learned so much from each of them and IAs have both reached out to let me know about jobs postings relevant for me or to advocate for my skills even months after the course ended. My student cohort was amazing and even 6 months later are some of my closest friends. I genuinely miss those long, intense, productive days of class!Screen fatigue is a thing and remote work can get lonely, I\'m so glad the remote option is available since there\'s no campus anywhere NEAR Pittsburgh, PA. Even then, I can\'t imagine adding in transport time/money it would\'ve cost for an in-person class. Most of all, being over Zoom means that each lecture is recorded so that I can go back and replay whatever lesson I need whenever I want. :)Last but not least: Outcomes. The post-course employment assistance GA includes in course enrollment is a serious lifesaver post-course. My Outcomes Coach Julie has kept us all accountable, afloat, and in the right headspace through the epic exhausting adventure that is landing that first job. They\'ve tried new strategies almost monthly to find new ways of giving us an edge in this pandemic landscape where job fairs and mingling events are no longer a thing - seriously it feels like Outcomes is working just as hard as we all are to find how to get us hired. I\'m in the middle of the interview process with a company they connected me to with their most recent addition, a GA-based Referral Program system.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I attended General Assembly\'s Software Engineering Immersive remote program in January of 2021. Overall, it was a very positive experience for me!\xa0Even though it was remote, my cohort was "New York-based" so we operated on Eastern Time and most of the instructors were from the East coast. I was told that the New York cohorts are unique because they use a different instructor for each of the 4 units. Other cohorts apparently usually have 2 co-instructors that switch off and each teaches 2 units. This was both a pro and a con sometimes for me because the program is 12 weeks long and the units are only 3 weeks each. Just when you get comfortable with the instructor\'s teaching style, you are whisked away into the next unit with a new instructor. This can be a positive if you don\'t really like a particular instructor or are struggling with the teaching style, but it can also be negative since it can be jarring to switch up so quickly.\xa0Overall, the program is intense! I\'m sure you\'ve read many other reviews that say this because it\'s true! It can definitely get overwhelming, especially if you have little-to-no experience with coding/programming before entering the program. You can easily bet on having 10+ hour days at least 5 days/week. What\'s nice is that you usually get a little bit of a break during the weekend because Friday\'s homework USUALLY isn\'t due until Sunday of that week, so you can take a weekend day off if you need/want.\xa0Ultimately, you get what you put into the program. I mentioned before that it can be very overwhelming to learn new languages in general, but especially if you don\'t have any background coding experience/exposure. That being said, there were quite a few of my classmates that had very little prior experience with coding that did extremely well. If you\'re hungry to learn and truly invest yourself in this bootcamp, I believe you will have a positive experience. This is definitely not an easy program, you will have to put in the work, but if you do, it will be worth it!\xa0About job support: each cohort has a dedicated career coach which you meet with (as a group) multiple times throughout the program. Your career coach creates interactive presentations on various topics regarding the job search such as: building your personal brand, tips for your portfolio website, etc. If you qualify for Outcomes (which is GA\'s program for job-seekers), you are given additional support such as more meetings/workshops with your career coach and additional slack channels for job seekers where jobs are posted multiple times per day, often from companies who have hired GA grads before.\xa0I had a very positive experience with GA\'s Software Engineering Immersive program and truly believe that anyone from any background can be successful if you work hard, stay positive, and keep a growth mindset.\xa0\n\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I graduated from General Assembly Software Engineer Immersive Program in January 2021.\xa0It was a wild ride and I loved every second of it. I didn’t have any prior programming experience, so I got to make an extra effort in order to catch up with the cohort.\xa0I am extremely grateful for our amazing instructional team and all of the collaboration with my fellow classmates. GA provides after-hours support, short one-on-one sessions on Saturday’s and a bunch of different educational materials besides the regular lectures.\xa0Be ready to spend at least 6-8 months before you’ll land your first job. As for me, it\'s been only 3 months since I\'ve graduated and I’m not even close to it.\xa0 The payment program is helpful through and it is nice to know that I don\'t have to pay anything back until I am employed full time.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Part time course for Data science and Machine learning\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The course provides a really good foundation for what Product Management is, and how it varies in organisations of different sizes and stages of growth.\xa0 It explains the basics of complex frameworks, and gives you the opportunity to put them into practice in your own mock product discovery project- all in a whirlwind 5 daysThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., For a long time, I tittered on whether or not to go back to school to pursue UX Design. During my research for which schools, I spoke with a few UX designers and product managers that said they typically hire from General Assembly and have always been pleased with their hire. Once I started, the curriculum was so clear and the instructors were amazing--truly cared about our success. Furthermore, our cohort had access to a career coach who through it all helped us gear up for our career change. I can\'t say enough positive things about GA!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \xa0I took the GA UX Design Immersive course to pivot into UX from healthcare. From someone that didn\'t know what to expect when investing (yes, because it is an investment) in the course, I felt as if I left the program with a good foundation of what UX was and enough skills to feel confident in continuing my stride to get my foot in the door at an Austin based company.\xa0\xa0At the time I thought the curriculum was okay. Over a year later, I now work for GA and I have seen a tremendous improvement in the way they are teaching students and supporting students post-graduation. The new curriculum really allows students to start using design tools on day 1 of the program (a big change). The lessons are more in-depth and the instructors are encouraged to be open and speak about real-life experiences. Also, students are given portfolio reviews by industry professionals (super valuable, I wish I had that coming out of my cohort).\nOverall, I know that GA isn’t perfect, but I appreciate the fact that they are always moving forward to make sure that they are giving their students an experience that mimics the real UX world.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the User Experience Design immersive course (Remote) in 2020. The course overall was a great introduction to what UX/UI meant and how to apply it in the workforce. As someone that did not come from a tech or design background, this was very helpful and I never personally found myself blocked or falling behind because of my lack of experience. It really is an entry point! The instructional staff was always there to answer questions, provide examples or review my work. There is an Outcomes person that works with you on interview/resume/overall job hunt prep as well. While this person does not provide job/intern placement, they really do put the tools in your hands to get out there and succeed! I wish we had more time with them but the time we did have was valuable. The cohort I was in had around 20 people (give or take a few) and with two lead instructors and two instructional assistants, there was always someone to talk to. If by some chance they were all busy or it was after hours they always would set up a 1 on 1 the next day or answer as soon as they could in slack.One negative thing I will say is that because it was online, time zones were kind of a struggle for group projects or student communications. It was not the end of the world for east coast people but some of my west coast cohort mates were a bit thrown. Of course with anything, price matters. I personally was able to use the Vemo education plan so that was a huge help and a deciding factor in me selecting GA. \xa0\nOverall it was a positive experience and I would recommend the course I took to others that were interested in the field.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., It took me a long time to decide on a bootcamp. I was over 40 and had been out of school for a while, and wanted to make a major career change. It was going to be a major investment of time and money and I needed to be confident in my choice. The UXDI program at General Assembly delivered on all of its promises and more. The application process and pre-work really helped me shift into a growth mindset and set me up well fr success in the classroom after years away. I also benefitted from the Catalyst program, which let me defer course payments until after I had graduated AND landed work in the field.\xa0 It was an intense experience and took determination and hard work, but instructors and career coaches and staff were beside us every step of the way to help keep us on track. Two years later, I have all the UX work I can handle, I\'m earning almost 60% more than in my previous position, and still have time to volunteer my design skills with local nonprofits that are important to me. Plus I\'ve met some of the best, coolest people on the planet! Do your research, for sure - I did. But I am really pleased with what I was able to accomplish through General Assembly. Highest recommendation.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The GA team worked together to give me all the support I needed to learn. I could not have (would not have) done this on my own.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., For several years, I had been feeling like I was wasting my potential in my job when I got the idea to try some online coding classes. I practiced first on Codecademy for free, before enrolling on General Assembly\'s online front-end web development course. My instructors in Sydney were fantastic and I was so sad when it ended that I signed up right away for a full-time, three-month bootcamp in London to learn full-stack Software Engineering. This was a huge financial risk because I had to leave my job, but it was worth every penny!\xa0I got to build a portfolio of projects using the most employable technologies right now (eg. React, Django, Node), which I could show to potential employers and clients. I was a bit nervous to do the course remotely, but GA has been doing this since long before the pandemic and the whole team was well prepared to answer questions and support me every step of the way. I am finally excited about my career again and hopeful for the future.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Thirteen-week full-time instructor-led course covering the coding (Python-based) and statistics and probability foundations for exploratory data analysis, visualization, feature engineering/selection, and model building.\xa0 The course covers models ranging from linear and logistic regression, to time-series forecasting, natural language processing, neural networks, and Bayesian systems.\xa0 In addition to interactive lectures and two substantial homework assignments each week, students complete six projects using real-world data. You will not be bored.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I was very impressed by both the content and the pacing of this course. I was thankfully able to take the course due to a local scholarship, and I found it to be very practical while balancing a work schedule. The content was more in-depth than I expected, and provided a solid foundation that makes it easier to continue learning once the course is completed. While the pacing is fast during classes, having only 2 classes a week allows for individual practice later on; I don\'t think I would have gotten as much out of the course if it had not included the amount of content that it did. Instructors are friendly, flexible, and there are numerous options for office hours. The office hours are where I was really able to solidify my learning. For this course I would recommend that you have a second monitor, it was difficult to complete the later stages of the course without one, but it was not impossible. Since the course is available across the USA it\'s important to consider time zones as well (the class was help 9-11PM, Monday and Wednesday for me.) Again this was challenging but I believe it was worth it. For anyone looking for a structured way to upskill while working full time, this class is a very good option.\xa0The background provided in this course will give you the ability to learn more on your own, which I have done. If the program was longer, I would have liked to learn window functions as part of the SQL unit.\xa0 While I now have some projects in my portfolio, I still do not feel like I know enough to apply for jobs--five years ago it would have been different, but the job market is difficult right now due to COVID. I have heard the immersive courses at GA also have support for resume building, interview practice etc, but I\'m not able to afford that at this time.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Certification course for UX Design for General Assembly.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I chose General Assembly because they started teaching coding from scratch - that is, without the intimidating lingo or skipping basic steps. The team at GA is not only great at teaching how to code, but also very cognizant of student\'s work-life balance and mental health. Each student was taken care of and not left behind if they were struggling. The program is fast-paced and challenging, but I felt supported along every step of the way. The best part of General Assembly, for me, was the Outcomes program. I wouldn\'t have been able to find such a great job so quickly without the help of General Assembly Outcomes. GA really cares about taking care of their students and helping find a new career path post-bootcamp.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly\'s Software Engineering Intensive program is geared toward getting students jobs, from its carefully-designed curriculum to its rigorous and thorough Outcomes support. I do wish we had learned more OOP languages, or more languages that employers are looking for in the Boston area, like Python and Java.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This Bootcamp covers a lot of material within the three months which pushes individuals to rise to the challenges (PS, if you are looking for something light paced, this is not the Bootcamp for you, it requires time, dedication and most of your attention) What I loved about the GA UX Bootcamp was that it\'s very project-based so you keep learning and directly applying that knowledge to create potential solutions. There are a total of five projects covered and three of them are fully team-based, permitting you to learn to work with others and feed off each other\'s skills. The projects span from website heuristic evaluation, information architecture redesign, Android & iOS app design, and responsive websites and the tools you learn to design on are mainly industry used (Figma, Sketch and Invision although we mostly worked on Figma and had a class for the other two). The instructors and TAs are really amazing, as they help you every step of the way, especially if you ask a lot of questions (which they love lol) and the job assistance has been quite helpful so far, although I face external challenges being an international student. After the course, you definitely feel like a Junior UX Designer and have the tools to apply and consistently improve on your skills.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., My experience with GA has been nothing but awesome. My instructor has a solid background in Math and Statistics, he is able to explain abstract concepts in a simple and easy-to-understand manner. Importantly, the curriculum is challenging but manageable, even for people who have almost zero experience with Python programming. They have multiple projects to immediately apply what you have learned, which was really helpful in "locking" it inside your memory.While looking for a job, graduating from GA definitely gave me an edge over other schools which also provide similar bootcamps. It pushes us to do challenging capstone projects which are relevant to our local context, which impressed the interviewers.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Salutations everyone! I hope whoever’s reading this doing well. I’m a college student at The University of Louisville, located in Kentucky. I decided to take a class which offered a scholarship for my freshman year of college and this is one that offered one. I truly enjoyed this class, the instructors, my classmates, the Curriculum, all of it was quite an experience. In under 3-4 months, I learned how not only websites work, but how to create my own. Taking this class was indeed a challenge knowing I’ve never did anything like this, it took time and dedication but I’ve learned how to make websites, and even my own. I must thank off of my classmates, instructors and all the help that I’ve received sense. I can now say in under 5 months I’m able to create websites from scratch using JavaScript,CSS, and HTML.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Overall, I\'m very satisfied with the experience I had with GA. Curriculum is covers well most important topics and students are encouraged to go deeper whenever they feel the need to. Instructors and assistants are great also, providing you support and challenging in a way to foster critical thinking. The 1-week intensive course is indeed intensive and requires 100% of full dedication for 6 days in a row - so be aware that if you want to make the most out of it, save the entire week exclusively for that. The only downside is in terms of price: the cost benefit (price vs high quality) is unbalanced and I think that taking LinkedIn learning courses and reading books can allow you reaching the same level (in more time and spending way less). So for you to think if doing this course is a short term benefit or it.Thanks!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I completed Software Engineering Immersive program in 3 months and after graduation I find a job by myself. Yes outcomes team helped to me about editing my resume and also personal portfolio page. But weird thing started after this. They added me to a outcomes channel after graduation to let me informed about new job opportunities.\xa0 And\xa0also they told me that their outcomes support is lifetime support before start the program. But when I find a job by myself the kicked me out from that channel. I asked about the reason they said me that \'Because you got a job\' I tried to explain that I can search for a better position by those job opportunities and also\xa0I find my job by myself they didn\'t find it. But they couldn\'t explain this to me. My spouse was thinking about to a program at GA, after this experience she decided to look for another bootcamp.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., When I first attempted a run at coding and software engineering, I bounced off of it HARD. It was vague, overly complicated, I couldn’t see the real-world applications of what I was learning (despite knowing in the abstract that there were a ton), and was largely left to my own devices to try and figure it all out.\xa0The SEI program at General Assembly was a world apart. Though more narrowly focused than a general coding course or comp-sci degree, we were shown all of the different parts we would be working with, how they fit together, and used what we learned to make smaller-scale versions of real-world applications.I had the unenviable position of being right in the middle of my course when COVID hit and we had to transition on the spot from an in-person course to an online-only. Though less than ideal for my particular learning style, the classes were still handled admirably and taught as well as they could be for such a drastic shift for everyone involved. Since online-only versions of the courses already existed, the transition smoothed out in short order, and I am certain that the current online-only options are just as effective as any of the in-person courses.The course is expensive, so finding a sponsor of some sort is ideal, but the loan program they partner with has incredible terms, the two standout features being a cap on the money you’ll owe (so no worries about paying it off for decades because of interest compounding on interest), and that you don’t start paying anything until you are employed AND earning more than a minimum annual threshold (about $40k when I signed up).The only negative I really have to say is that while I understand that there’s some swapping out of instructors during the course for different specialists to instruct on their specialty, it can be a little jarring. Also, for full-stack development, authorization/authentication was something that I felt didn’t get quite the attention it needed, so that may be something to set aside for some independent study.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This is absolutely a wastage of time. This review is from my personal experience. They say that its for absolute beginners but at the same time , in the first week of the class, the instructor teaches you for 15 minutes and expects you to write a code in 30 seconds literally on slack. And if you are not actively writing or f=giving any answers , dont think that they are ok with that. They expect you to know everything , thinking that their way of teaching is world class however they teach so bad that you wont understand a thing. If you decide to pay upfront and didnt do one projcet on time , they will not tell you the consequences of not delivering on time the second time around infact they will keep you going and once you are half way through, they will have a meeting with you and will kick you out and will return you less than half of the amount that you paid. This school is absolutely a SCAM and I DO NOT recommend anyone wasting their time and money on this . They will not make things clear with you at all. They just find ways to kick you out.\xa0 My review is 100% coming from my personal experience .This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[A super cool program with real-life experiences and top-notch technology skills taught. It is a good fit for me.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The staff and quality of instruction was really great.\xa0 I was really happy with the whole experience.\xa0 I did kind of wish the course was maybe 2 weeks longer, but that\'s how it goes.\xa0 Recommended.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I had a great experience at General Assembly. My cohort was full of full time product managers who had just transitioned from the product owner role, international executives, and entrepreneurs. The content was thorough and engaging that helped me push myself and absorb information. I put in a lot of work to get everything done on time because we only had so much time in the day to cover a lot of content. However, it was truly an incredible experience and I am grateful to have learned from such wonderful instructors and people.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Attended the 20 lesson bootcamp. Was fantastic.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., SQL, Excel and Tableau skills\n\xa0\nThis is my second course with GA and it did not dissappoint.\xa0 The instructors are knowledgeable and accessible.\xa0 Both the instructor and TA were able to make time for you after hours for help.\xa0 The materials covered, SQL, Excel, and Tableau, were all pertinent to the real world.\xa0 The online class experience was engaging and the ability to be broken into rooms to work together was great.\xa0 BOTTOMLINE: The class was worth the money, the instructors were approachable and the company is professional and responsive to your needs.\xa0 Will definitely consider taking another course with them!\xa0\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The course seemed great when I was taking it, but it doesn\'t get you a job. 4 months of networking and job applications, and not a single interview.\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I completed a UX course in 2019, and I wouldn\'t recommend GA UX immersive to anyone unless you just have free time and extra cash to spend. I\'m writing this review for someone like I used to be, so they do not repeat my mistake.I\'m not coming from a design background but I do have a college degree, customer experience, sales, and marketing experience for over 5 years.\xa0What I liked: some teachers were interesting and smart, I enjoyed their personalities. WeWork space and free coffee perks. And this is about it. I would love to say I liked my fellow students, but because we were competition most of them were cold, selfish, and aggressive.While I\'m grateful to my teachers for what they were able to expose me to, I have to be honest by leaving this review. If I had read an honest review I would have never taken the boot camp.\nThe structure of the learning material is horrible. It is mostly presented in small slides with jokes that are articles you can find yourself online and lots of games, "exercises". Please spare yourself money and time and play with people by attending meetups. They barely teach you any tools you will need to become a UX designer but throw it on you and you have to "figure it out yourself". Practically no help.\nToo many students. I complained about it from the start when I was promised 15-18 people at max and ended up with 25. Imagine how impersonal it was. And while I appreciate the teaching strategy to listen to everyone who has questions, 25 students asking questions (and some of them are "that personality" of asking every dumb question they can think of) took most of the time out of the day.\xa0\nCoffee breaks every 1-2 hours that will take sometimes up to 30 mins means your day is basically a 4-5 hour-day. Let me say it this way, I spent money and quit my job to learn, not to enjoy coffee breaks. While I would love it as a kid at elementary school, as an adult that was unacceptable on how much "free time" we were given.\nOut of a 10-week course, the last 3 weeks are team projects, that I consider unfair, again, to pay money so I can have zero teachings but work on my own. That could have been after boot camp is over. Not enough knowledge to swim by only having 7 weeks to learn the profession.\nCareer coach. While I enjoyed the personality of my career coach and think she is great, 15 mins each time just wasn\'t enough. Yes, 15 mins are all you get. The first 5 mins remind her about who you are and what you are trying to achieve and the 10 mins left are just a joke. We only had 2 coaches, not enough.\nNo opportunities or assistance provided. Took me 7 months to get my job, and I never had even 1 interview opportunity from GA. All the mixers, career fairs, etc. have barely any employers that are hiring. It\'s a joke really, so many alumni and no job opportunities whatsoever. Same as their online job hunting channel - there are barely any jobs posted, only spam and sometimes they just copy links from LinkedIn that are visible for anyone.\nThey will tell you to "Network" - their favorite word because they know you can\'t get a job with your skills because you barely have any. Honestly, I was embarrassed after a couple of meetups with real professionals tired of "vulture" boot campers trying to have a coffee date with them to get a job. This is pathetic. No one will "give" you a job unless it\'s your friend or family.\nToo expensive. For so many students in the same room, you can hire a personal tutor that will give you much more knowledge. Think about it! They don\'t teach you anything about the latest technologies that you can\'t find online.\xa0\nWhen I graduated and I continued learning on my own for 7 months and I finally got my first paid project. I realized that I was not taught anything that is very important nowadays like responsive design, ADA compliance, how to work with developers, and technical tools that are vital to successfully performing a job.\nPortfolio. Yes, they promise you will have 3 projects in your portfolio that will help you to find a job. Guess what - 25 students will have almost the same portfolio and will be at the same time on the market along with at least half the students from the previous class hunting with the same techniques. You will look like another newbie for recruiters and now there are too many of them. Also, they don\'t help you with portfolio, they only show you other people\'s portfolios and you will only have 1 project when you graduate, so everything else will happen after.\xa0\nFinally, I got my job, because 7 months I spent learning, reading books, practicing tools. Submitting 250 applications didn\'t do anything. I got my job because I learned and tried a different approach, which was not networking. Save your money for rent and food while you will be self-teaching instead of paying a company that produces the same graduates over and over so they can make money. You\'re already considering changing career, you\'re already strong enough to do it, you don\'t need to get stuck with a loan like I did and realize what a mistake GA was.This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took the 10 week, part-time Product Management course in Washington, DC.\xa0 \xa0 I enjoyed the course content and engagement from the instructor on the themes and content provided with the course. \xa0 I think this course gives students from a variety of professional backgrounds, technical and non-technical, the content necessary to figure out a way forward with a career in product management with topics on how to define a product idea, market research, setting objectives, understanding feature development and prioritization, etc.\xa0 \xa0I truly recommend this General Assembly course offering, but I also encourage anyone taking the course to put in the effort to network with classmates, attend office hours with the instructor, and continue to read about the product management domain outside of the course in order to bolster the experience. \xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA is pretty much a lie. They will show you statistics saying 95% of graduates get jobs 6 months after graduating, that might be true, but these jobs are not in tech. Only 2 of the 20 people in my course have coding jobs as far as I can tell and I stay in touch with 5 of my classmates.\xa0Instruction was done more through zoom chat than in person (and this was pre-covid). Save your $14K and watch youtube videos, you\'ll be richer and better off.\xa0The straw that broke the camel\'s back was the overall unavailability of my instructor during the last 3 weeks of the course. We were expected to make final projects for a teacher who WAS NOT THERE!!This Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., The part-time Data Analytics program at General Assembly gives students a deeper dive into data analytics using tools such as Excel, SQL, and Tableau.\xa0I enrolled in the Data Analytics part-time course at General Assembly\'s Boston location. The instructor and TA were incredibly approachable, and the enrollment process was seamless. One qualm I had was the instructor could have had better public speaking skills; the instructor spoke very softly and did not seem confident at times in the subject matter. The TA did a better job, in my opinion, of presenting the information. The GA platform was also very easy to use, and I was able to access my coursework/projects with no issues. I also enjoyed having a Slack group to communicate with the instructor/TA and peers. This came in very handy when we were working on group projects.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly was a great way to get your foot in the door in the UX world. I felt as though my class was extremely close and supportive. The environment itself was awesome, fast-paced, and innovative. However, be prepared to be job searching for a long time afterward. It is rare that my classmates have landed a job--even 4 months after the program. This is partly due to COVID-19, as well as some employers not understanding the value of GA education. I felt as though there could have been more emphasis on UI, networking, and creating case studies. The career coaching is awesome as well but you really have to be a self-starter and cannot rely on anyone to do the hard work for you. Most of my classmates have landed either internships or short term contract work--but every start is a good start! Overall, it was a really good experience and a really great way to meet other people wanting to get into UX.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the Product Management class in spring of 2019 at General Assembly\'s San Francisco campus. The course was comprehensive and the instructor was knowledgeable. I enjoyed being able to learn what I applied in class to a project that I completed and presented at the end of the course. Additionally, the GA SF campus facilities were incredible and the staff was very friendly.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Great school, great environment to learn, great instructors and the process to apply was as easy as 123. The G.A staff are very supportive and informative. They make sure that you understand every step of the enrollment process and continue that support after completion.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I really enjoyed each stage of the Product Management Course (Part-time) I completed in Sydney. I\'m very happy with the outcome and all the content presented since how to define a product idea, validation, find customers and competitors until we already push it to the marketplace, besides that the class about how to get a job and how to improve the resume + understand job titles + salary etc was very valuable.I truly recommend GA and likely will come back for a new course.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have almost 10 years of full-time design experience, but I wanted to make sure I was going to be successful in my move to user experience design. For me, there was some information I already knew but there was a lot of new content, which is what I expected. The new content flowed like water from a fire hose and the days were long, but what can you expect from an "immersive boot camp" after all? The new software was really easy for me to pick up, but if you aren\'t quick to pick up new design software or haven\'t used any design software before, you may have more of a learning curve.\xa0I looked at several boot camp options, including General Assembly, Bloc.io, CareerFoundary, and a boot camp the turns out to just partner with big-name schools (but doesn\'t actually have any connection to the schools or the alumni networks). I investigated them myself and interviewed people in my LinkedIn network who had done one of them. I decided on General Assembly because of the success that their graduates had versus the other boot camp graduates. I recommend doing your research and deciding based on that, but if you want to work with other people in hands-on teams (outside of COVID-19) I can\'t recommend General Assembly enough.\xa0There are definitely cost differences, but I wasn\'t willing to spend a big chunk of money, even if it was less than GA, if the content and results weren\'t going to be worth it. $5,000 might seem like a safer bet, but if it turns out to be a waste of time, it is also a waste of $5,000.\xa0No matter what you choose, it is on you to make the most of it. Don\'t just phone it in. You need to commit the time and effort—you get what you give to the course. It will be hard work but it will also be worth it.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took this course from June to August of last year. I received my certificate of what I assumed to be a somewhat challenging but realistic journey to employment. Professor Kiri and Victor were great! They\'ve been available for critiques and references. I have no issues with them at all; however, I do not take the online course with the expectations of getting hired after. I came from a completely different industry (which they encourage), but I was not expecting it to be like this. In the Immersive program, the professors have time to go over what to expect on your application journey. Online...we covered what to expect after class was over for about 30 minutes. They do not tell you what to look add to your portfolio, nor do they help you find jobs. I was also told that I would be notified of different groups in my area for UX. I was not. I know I sound like a bitter person, in which I would agree, but please be aware of this when you agree to do the online program. I have responsibilities as an adult, so I cannot just quit my job to move to a completely different city. If I had family there, then maybe, but this experience after completing the course has been brutal and very discouraging, to say the least. Very dissatisfied bt this whole experience. If I could get a refund...I would! DO NOT GO FOR THE SHORTER COURSES! Take your time, do the 6+ months.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Everything was great about this course.\xa0 Instructors were knowledgable.\xa0 Curricula and structure were brilliant.\xa0 The experience led to deep bonds between myself and others.\xa0 I have been in the industry for 20 years and decided to brush up my skills.\xa0 I learned a ton.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I absolutely made the best decision to join General Assembly\'s UXDI immersive, in person, 10 week course.\xa0 I entertained a handful of coding bootcamps over the year, and everything seamlessly fell into place when I decided on the UX path.\xa0 The admin were extremely helpful & transparent during the onboarding process. My instructor was beyond incredible. He had energy, enthusiasm and honesty throughout the course.\xa0 This is a tough course in terms of hours and dedication needed. The staff was clear about this, and offered lots of support to get everyone through the course.\xa0 I couldn\'t wait to come to class everyday and was excited to mingle with the other cohorts and build relationships with the data scientists and developers ( I highly recommend this). I will miss being at GA every day, but I am well prepared for the future.\xa0 Outcomes was amazing as well. Our instructor prepared us to present ourselves in an authentic way and prepped us well for interviews.\xa0 GA also provided plenty of social events and industry specific meetups.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Fantastic program. Make sure you do your research before coming into he program, though - we had some classmates who thought the curriculum would get more into data science and cyber security, which is definitely not the purpose of this program. That being said, if you\'re looking to get experience (using templates) in front end web development and designing api\'s, this is an excellent course. It\'s important to remember that, at the end of the program, you\'re not supposed to be a programming hero - you are going from 0 to 1, and you\'re at a place where you are teachable and attractive for an entry-level, junior developer position.That all said, the community at GA is super tight. The instructors are driven, the staff is warm and reliable, and the job-seeking support is unreal. I really enjoyed my time, felt like I learned not just a set of skills but also how to openly approach new problems and languages, and got my money\'s-worth in terms of being prepared to enter the workforce after the class. I really can\'t speak highly enough about the staff and instructors. Be prepared to drink some community kool-aid, but if you can embrace the validation-forward atmosphere, it\'ll be a phenomenal experience.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The GA syllabus is through and keenly focused on the needs to the modern software engineer industry. The instructors are knowledgable and have a wealth of expertise. But the program also works hard to build a supportive community between and among its students and staff that helped me unlock my potential to a far greater degree.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I am so glad that I decided to go to GA as a newcomer to coding. Not only did I learn a lot about web development, but I also built a really good foundation to learn more about coding. It\'s definitely not easy, and you\'re going to live and breathe code for 3 months, but it\'s well worth it.\xa0\nMy favorite aspect of GA is definitely the community. There\'s a strong network of GA grads/staff/students in Boston, and they\'re all genuinely supportive of you as a person. Even now, when I\'ve graduated GA, I still get to go into the space and do work and drink free coffee (always a plus :)\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The GA UXDI program was a project based, full time experiene. I was immersied in the world of UX with great instructors that organized projects for students with Boston based clients. Thorughout the program I was connected witha career coach who has supported me throughout the job search post-graduation.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I attended the GA Data Science Immersive in London in 2019. I will of course only relate my experience at this particular GA course in London, and I have no experience as to how it is conducted elsewhere. First of all, I would like to state that I thoroughly enjoyed the course, and the instructor (Christoph) was fantastic. It\xa0suited my purposes\xa0well, and was what\xa0 expected when I enrolled in it. That said, I can see why the course might not be for everyone given the not insignificant cost involved (fees and likely need to quit your job to attend the full-time program), which leads to my second point.\nSecond, the course in my view best suits two types of people: 1) those who are familiar with statistics through multivariate linear regression, or 2) those\xa0who are familiar with intermediate Python coding, for\xa0example\xa0"zip", "enumerate", basic OOP etc. The reason for this is because the intensive nature of the course means that it would be extremely challenging for a person with neither good statistics nor Python familiarity to take full advantage of what the course offers. You would not be "getting your money\'s worth" in that case, in my opinion.\nThe course is very intensive, with lectures and in-class exercises\xa09.00-12.30, then continuing through the afternoon\xa01.30-5.00pm. On top of this are four homework "projects" and one final "capstone project" over the 12-week period of the course. The participants are encouraged to help each other, and indeed this was my experience.\xa0\nIn terms of the content of the course, be aware that it is more geared towards the (Python) coding aspect of data science, than the statistics concepts/theory aspects. In that sense it is a very coding\xa0applied data science course. For those coming in with computer programming knowledge (as explained above), you would have the time/space\xa0to self-study to grasp the statistics aspects of the subjects covered.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Attended this course as a company sponsor. must say this was great, intense,practical and comprhensive.\nliked\xa0the course structure, homeworks/exercises, team activities, course material and references and also the clack channel to communicate with fellow students/instructors or even alumni.\nonly thing i\xa0felt it was more a start-up/small scale oriented in a few instances. will be good hif there were more examples are from large size organisations scenarios.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', "[I made the switch to product design after contemplating the career move for a couple years. I was nervous about making a change, and put it off until I exhausted all other options. I completed the full-time UX design immersive course because I wanted to get more formal training and experience in the field, in a short time frame.\xa0\nPros: GA stood out to me because of the timeframe (only 10 weeks!) and career coaching (which is amazing). I had also been to a few of their events and shorter bootcamps and enjoyed those. Having an in-person experience was important to me because UX design is so collaborative, you're working with tons of people and different teams, so an added bonus was the diversity of our class and learning how to work with a lot of different people. I think the class was super practical and hands-on, we started doing real UX work day 2. The main instructor was amazing, I don't think I would have had as much success if she wasn't the instructor.\xa0\nCons: I would have liked more focus on the engineering collaboration with design, since handing off and working with engineers is such a huge component of a UX or Product Designer's day-to-day. I think we did a pretty good job covering the basics and most important methods and tools, but in the short time frame we didn't get to develop a super large toolbox.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., First off, registration is relatively easy. Via email and eventually on a call with a counselor, unless there is a word they otherwise prefer, who was friendly, encouraging, and knowledgable. Further email communications were responsive and efficient enough.\nStarting the course: I was a little nervous, since I hadn't done any real continuing education in quite a while, but from the first class I felt like had settled right in and would have a lot of fun learning again. Our instructor was (is!) smart, fun, energetic, and open to any and all interruptions and questions in the spirit of a reasonably free-flowing learning environment.\nOverall, the material was organized and delivered at what I think was a proper pace: ideas building on previous lessons, never jumping too far ahead, and each new point related to the previous work. Round about the midway point I started to get overwhelmed, which is natural from time to time, and my instructor read that immediately and assured me that I was doing fine. In fact, we were reminded from the beginning that our learning would not necessarily be a linear thing and that was to be expected.\nBy the end, I'd met my stated goals for the 10 week bootcamp-style course and am happy with the results. I even made 5 new friends (it was a small class this time around!) and we got a lot done.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., staff was great especially teaching assistant. However, duration was too short.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have been in graphic/visual design for 8+ years of my career. I know the ins and outs of it and I know I'm pretty good at it. However, I knew I wanted to pivot my career. I was tired of being a pixel pusher, and I wanted a bit of a change. UX really is the future, and so after a lot of conversations and preparation, I decided to register for the parttime UX Design course. It took place every Tuesday and Thursday evening, from 6:30 - 8:30 PM, for 3 months.\xa0\nLuckily, I live in Midtown so the commute wasn't the worst, but traffic absolutely sucks when you're in a rush to go right after work. I work until 6 PM, so I definitely had to move it. Luckily, I was late maybe once the entire time. It was an easy commute otherwise.\nThe course itself was laid out very well. I will sincerely say, I enjoyed my experience with the General Assembly. I learned SO MANY new things over the three months, but it also allowed me to pinpoint areas in my career where I've already used UX principles without realizing it. You basically start from the very beginning of the process, all the way to the very end: problem statements, user interviews and personas, competitive analysis, user flows and sitemaps, wireframes, and prototypes. I would say 2/3 of the time, you're learning more about the UX research principles, and 1 month is dedicated more to the actual design process, such as wireframing and prototypes. One of the biggest benefits for me was learning how to take the data from interviews and user testing and actually apply it to my product. You learn that with UX design, the design strategies you start to implement, are data-driven and done for a reason, and not just because someone tells you to do it a certain way.\xa0\nOur instructor was very well prepared and did a great job making sure we understood what she was teaching each evening. But she was more than just an instructor. She was our friend and our mentor. I lacked confidence and second-guessed my abilities, but she helped push and challenge me the entire time. In the end, she also pushed me to be more confident in my skills. She was definitely a driving factor to my excitement to take the course.\xa0\nBe warned, the three months isn't easy. What I mean by that is it's a commitment. Some days you absolutely won't want to go to class, but you're paying to learn a wide range of skills that will benefit you in the long run. There were days that I had to drag myself to go. But I'm glad I did. I learned something new in every class. I also made some connections that I wouldn't have made otherwise.\nThe biggest and only real negative is that as a part-time student, you do not get help with job placement or networking. Sure, General Assembly looks great on your LinkedIn, but that's sort of the extent of what you get besides a completion certificate. If you're absolutely brand new to UX or design, and you're looking to make it your career after completion, I would actually recommend maybe considering the full-time immersive program. They give you far more portfolio pieces in the end (3 to 5 versus just 1 in the part-time), and they do their best to help with job placement. I was really lucky that as a graphic designer, I was able to tweak some of my work to speak to the UX of a given project. Others may not have been as lucky.\nCostwise, it wasn't cheap either. The part-time program costs just under $4,000. They do offer some payment plans, which helped a lot. I don't think anyone can just drop that kind of money in one swoop. So it's not cheap, but I genuinely think you do get the value out of it.\xa0\nDo I recommend the part-time program? Absolutely. If you have a job that you're not ready to give up yet, definitely consider the part-time course. I would not have learned as much as I did, or taken it as seriously if I had taken the online course. I, unfortunately, do not know anyone who has taken the online course, but I do know some who have taken the full-time course, and they got out of it exactly what they were wanting. I got out of the part-time course, exactly what I wanted too.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have taken both the Front End Web Development and Javascript classes at the DTLA campus, with the goal of improving my skills for work. In both cases what I learned was from professionals active in the industry and the knowledge I obtained was immediately useful in my work environment. So I know that the promise of learning current, relevant information is absolutely true.  Both classes I took were the part-time evening classes (twice a week, 3 hours per night for 10 weeks...plus homework).  Even though the classes were part time, I learned quite a bit.  In the Javascript development class, some programming knowledge plus html and css experience really helped.  This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the Data Analytics course with GA in the Summer of 2018, and loved it.\xa0I had already had quite a bit of Excel experience before I took the course, so I was a bit nervous that it would be repetitive -\xa0it wasn't. We dove into Excel much deeper than I had before, which provided an immediate boost\xa0at my current role. Then we learned SQL and Tableau and other ways to communicate and visualize data. Lots of hands on practice in class as well as homework in class. I now\xa0feel my confident in my ability using data tools, and know what I hope to learn from here. Thanks GA!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly is an extremely welcoming and supportive environment. The frontlines staff is incredibly warm, friendly, and helpful. And the job support is so so useful and helpful.\nAs for the Web Development Immersive, I have so many good things to say about that program and the people who taught me.\nJustin is an amazing teacher. He is skilled, compassionate, challenging, fun, supportive & encouraging. He is a rare combination and I feel very lucky and grateful to have had the experience of taking a class from him. I thank him for creating a welcoming, judgement-free, and silly classroom that allowed for great personal growth and learning.\nDalton was such a huge help throughout this entire process. He was always ready, willing, and happy to help in any way he could. When he taught us subject matter, he always presented material in a very clear, concise way.\xa0\nThese instructors and the staff/space at General Assembly made my experience what is was. I highly recommend visiting for yourself - meeting your teacher and getting a sense for the place and the people. I think it's what makes General Assembly stand out above the other options in the bay area.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA gave me the most valuable experience for what user experience design is all about, not only with the coursework, but with the instructors (who went out of their way to be there for us) and the wonderful cohort that I learned so much from.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly's UX Design Immersive program was awesome. It was intense with a large workload. Do not go into this program thinking you will be able to have another job or have many other obligations. The bottom line in this program is you get out of it what you put into it, so if you are serious, this experience will be invaluable.\nI know other cohorts have had awesome teachers as well but Imani and Shalom were amazing instructors. They have become some\xa0of the best teachers I have ever had. They bring to the UX classroom a passion for relevant issues and topics that make everyone around them see how UX can and should be applied to all areas of life. I feel lucky to have been taught by Imani and Shalom. The people in my class are also amazing and helped harbor an open environment where everyone felt comfortable giving and receiving feedback, which is an essential skill when working in the real world.\nCannot say enough good things about this program and school. Remember, if you are considering ANY boot camp\xa0do not go into it thinking a job will be handed to you, or that there will be someone there to hold your hand at all times. UX is about solving problems and you have to have the drive to do so. Like\xa0any\xa0school, this program will give you the tools to succeed if you are willing to put in the work.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I'll start with the result - I finished a 3 month Web Development immerasive course in the Santa Monica Campus in April 2018. After following the recommendations and advice of the GA 'outcomes' team I had 3 offers by the end of May.\xa0\nThe course was intensive - many of us were new to programming, switching careers and required a lot of study. One thing that I underestimated was how much I had to prepare BEFORE I started the course. One recommendation to all considering this program is to do some self learning beforehand. GA has wonderful tools to get you started. Their pre-work is awesome in itself to get you familiarized with HTML and CSS. Looking back, I would've been more confident at the end of the course had I focussed on learning javascript prior to starting.\xa0\nGA is very invested in its students not just during the course but after too.The outcomes team is excellent and following their methods landed me in a good spot. They also have a yearly (I think) 'reverse career fair' event where you present your work in a fair sort of setting and companies are invited to talk to you. This is what got me 2 of the 4 interviews I had.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly's Web Development Bootcamp in San Francisco was a very positive experience for me. I had Brock and Kenny as my instructors, and they were excellent. If I ever approached either of them with a problem, they wouldn't settle until they figured it out, and were always patient and supportive. You have to put in the work though, because they want to see that you are putting in a effort to figure out the issue yourself.\nI self studied for about 8 months prior to starting the course, and I feel that this really prepared me for the intensity of the immersive. I had the luxury of studying part-time while I was still in college getting my degree in\xa0Biology, and I had realized I wanted to switch careers before graduating.\nIn all honesty, the course will be rough if you come in with no experience, but it is definitely doable and shouldn't determine whether you choose to do it or not. Learning something new everyday and applying it is no easy feat, and immersing yourself into web development before the course will definitely help you. You also have to realize that your learning doesn't stop once the course concludes either. Software development is a constant learning process, to quote my instructor Kenny, you have to ABC. (Always Be Coding).\nMy career coach Jonathan was also very supportive and really helped me succeed at General Assembly. He gave me great career insights throughout the whole program, and he really takes his time with each student to understand their background and interests, giving each student unique advice on how they should conduct their job search. He was also great at helping everyone develop the soft skills necessary to be successful during meet ups, phone screens, and interviews.\nI accepted an entry level Front End Developer position before I graduated the immersive, and couldn't have done it without the support of my instructors and career coach. General Assembly's program is great, but you also need to put in a massive amount of work to be successful. I sacrificed a ton of free time to learn this stuff before attending the program, so if I have one piece of advice for people on the fence about a bootcamp in general it's this: if you can survive 4+ months of self study for atleast 2 hours a day, and still have the drive to attend a program like this, do it 100%, it will really accelerate your learning process and you will succeed if you put in the work!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., To start - with any boot camp you do, what you get out of it is what you put into it. Most of these courses will have pros and cons, which you have to weigh before you choose one. But you absolutely have to put in the work or you won’t get as much out of it. Also - prepare yourself for what you’re getting into, read this.\nGeneral Assembly’s full-time UX course is the only full-time in-person course that I know of in the L.A. area. It is also the most expensive option that I am aware of.\nBut, since I could live with my parents if I stayed in Los Angeles, and wanted to do in-person because online learning isn’t a great option for me, and didn’t want a course that would take 6+ months to complete, and taking into consideration that I would likely end up working in Los Angeles, I went with GA.\n\xa0\nPROS:\nProfessor: My professor, Gerrit, was awesome. He explained complex issues really well, was relaxed and calm in his demeanor, provided helpful feedback, and was always honest and transparent. He brought in explanations and rationales based on personal experience and was originally a graphic designer, which was nice since that is part of my background.\nClassmates: I loved that I was in an in-person program. My class was about 17 students, which at times felt like a lot, but I am ultimately grateful because I enjoyed the groups I was in, loved meeting and learning with new people, and overall was honored to be surrounded by people from such a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences, and ages. I enjoy surrounding myself with those who are different than me so I am continuously challenged.\nJob Support: While I just finished the program last week, I’ve enjoyed the openness and support from our Career Coach. He’s easy-going, readily available, easily reachable, and pushes you to utilize him for help. He helps with interview prep, portfolio, and cover letter review, and you can go to him for pretty much anything and if he can’t specifically help, he’ll go out of his way to find someone who can, which is amazing.\nGroup projects and portfolio pieces: I also chose an in-person course so I could work on projects with a team since that is how it likely is in a job. I enjoyed my teammates and I gained valuable experience in learning how to balance personalities and differences of opinion. We got to work with a real client as our last project which is great as well since the other two are spec projects. One project is also solely focused on your portfolio, and GA puts a lot of emphasis on trying to make you as career ready as possible.\n\xa0\nCONS:\nCoding/Development: The primary gripe I have but didn’t negatively impact my experience, is that we don’t work on projects with developers. I don’t know if that is something other schools do, but it would be smart to pair up UX students with someone from the web development classes to work on a\xa0 project together. Designers have to work with developers in a professional setting, so it’s great practice to do that in a school setting.\nThe course also didn’t cover any coding basics, but they give you $500 towards their courses, and you can take night classes and all day weekend classes to learn some basics, which is what I did. You can also do that for visual design, job prep and more. So I don’t see that as much of a negative, but some might.\nPrice: GA is definitely the most expensive school I looked into, which means my loan is bigger, but the school could use to be a few grand cheaper. Here’s to hoping I just get high paying job!\nAdmissions variations: While I naturally get neurotic when making major decisions so I spent weeks, sometimes even months, doing research on programs and UX in general before I chose this program. But many students don’t necessarily do that. Some students in my class were told different things by different admissions people, and there really needs to be consistency so all students are coming in equally prepared. For example, if students don’t have any visual design experience, they should be prepared for what they will need and spend time learning. Or if students want to work while doing a full-time program, they should be heavily warned against it - not casually warned against it.\nInteraction design: We didn’t spend too much time on learning the nitty-gritty of this, which,\xa0in a sense, makes sense since it’s only an 11-week course and UX is a massive discipline with many verticals. But a quick project on it would have been nice.\n\xa0\nLAST THOUGHTS\nAgain - I spent a lot of time preparing myself for this course mentally and financially. I watched YouTube videos, read Medium articles, talked to folks who took the course before, and really made sure its was the right fit and the right decision. I come from a graphic design and marketing background, which was incredibly useful. So take what I am saying with a grain of salt.\n\xa0\nSome students in my class came from wildly different backgrounds, like acting, music and finance. If you feel like you need to take a few brief courses in things like visual design or the like to prep, it’s incredibly useful and just makes it so you won’t fall behind.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", '[I had an incredible experience in David Bickham\'s 1-week Data Analytics course. This course had the same curriculum as the full 10-week course and I loved being able to get so much content in that 1-week structure. David was an incredible instuctor who brought so many real world examples into the course. He made sure every single student was truly comprehending the course work. We had a nice small class size and it was really fun to get to see everyone\'s final projects because we really learned a ton. I used a data set from my work and was actually able to use my final project for my job. I highly recomment taking the Data Analytics course and was really happy with the depth of the curriculum and the instruction. Being a block from the beach was a pretty amazing location also.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The Web Development Immersive at General Assembly was a wonderful experience. The curriculum was challenging but very rewarding. The environment and support I received was the best. The instructors really challenged me to get out my comfort zone, while providing great advice. The camaraderie built with my classmates and teacher is one of the few surprises. I still keep in contact with all of them and we still lean on each other for help. This class is worth it and a great way to jump start your career in tech.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I was a journalist feeling unfulfilled in many areas of the profession and decided I needed a new passion to pursue. When I decided I wanted to go after web development, I got recommended GA and got a good vibe for what the full-time program offered. I quit my job and pulled the trigger and got introduced to some of the most challenging moments of my life but also some of the most dedicated instructors I have ever met.\nGeneral Assembly gives you the resources to transform your life, but you have to put the work in. There are going to be some pretty frustrating moments, and you might have to be in the classroom from 9 to 9 to grasps the new concepts and get your work done, but it\'s worth it.Â\xa0\nIt definitely helps to start teaching yourself how to code before you sign up for the bootcamp. I would not recommend signing up with literally zero coding experience, that\'s just not prudent. It\'s a huge investment so you should prepare yourself as best as possible and be ready to put your "life" on hold for 12 weeks. You have to live at GA if you wanna succeed, at least if you were like me and were making this 180-degree change.\nGood luck!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The curriculum that GA has for Python is very flawed.Â\xa0 It was filled with errors and typos, and there is no homework.Â\xa0 Its basically a powerpoint presentation, and a very thin one at that.Â\xa0 There is a lab that asks you to do things that were not covered in class.Â\xa0 I did a free course on Kaggle that had far superior written content and actually had written homework.Â\xa0 I complained in a nice manner about all of this, and the result was the typos on the powerpoint were corrected, but no homework was ever given.Â\xa0 The instructors were great, very nice, talented and caring.Â\xa0 But there advice to me was to direct me to free materials on-line.Â\xa0 So they were aware that people needed better source material and homework.Â\xa0 I also heard this feedback from almost everyone I spoke to in the class (about 25%).Â\xa0 Note many participants have the class paid for by their company, so they are not as interested in the value they are receiving.Â\xa0 But if you have to pay the tuition yourself, you will realize its a total waste of money.Â\xa0 Please don\'t take this class.Â\xa0 Â\xa0The GA feedback person was very pleasant but nothing changed.Â\xa0 The school is most interested in making money, do not be fooled.Â\xa0 Â\xa0For Python you are better off doing an on-line course.Â\xa0 (I also reviewed the curriculum with an NYU student and several python coders I work with, and they also agreed the course was not created correctly). I hate to leave a bad review, but I want others to avoid paying for something that is a rip off.Â\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The part-time data science course was a fantastic crash course in data science with Python.Â\xa0 Ben did an amazing job taking us through all of the different parts of the machine learning process (after reviewing the Python basics to get us ready to work through all of it), and we then were able to get the practical experience of putting together our own projects and presenting them in front of the class, which was invaluable.Â\xa0 The course was structured very well, as each bit of information built on top of the last.Â\xa0 I would happily recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn data science and can\'t commit to a boot camp!Â\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., For the amount I paid for this course, I definitely feel scammed. I have to say I could have learned elsewhere for free or for much less. The promise they make of assisting you to get a job after finishing the course is a complete sham. I followed every single step the outcomes team tells you and 5 months later, no jobs. They don\'t teach you how to think like a programmer they just teach you how to copy and paste and that will not get you a job. If you are thinking about joining General Assembly. DO NOT do it. You\'re better off taking Udemy classes (I\'ve learned more with udemy that with GA) and use the money to pay for your own living expenses for 3 months and learn on your own.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Data ScienceThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I was really pleased with the pacing and content of the class. I feel like I was able to get a solid overview of practical UX theory and application, and through the class I made a working prototype of a project I\'d built and tested.\nThe remote aspect wasn\'t an impediment at all-- the class used a clever combination of video conferencing and Slack to create a very communal environment.Â\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I stumbled across coding during myÂ\xa0BiologyÂ\xa0degree,Â\xa0quicklyÂ\xa0decidingÂ\xa0that playing in Python was farÂ\xa0more fun than looking down aÂ\xa0microscope. On graduatingÂ\xa0I hung up my white labÂ\xa0coat and applied to GA, choosing the Data Science Immersive programme forÂ\xa0its analytical and statistical focus.Â\xa0\nÂ\xa0\nThe bootcamp-style greatlyÂ\xa0appealed to me overÂ\xa0a year-long masters; with the goal of entering the industryÂ\xa0it seemed logicalÂ\xa0to concentrateÂ\xa0onÂ\xa0theÂ\xa0skills directly requiredÂ\xa0for myÂ\xa0career. TheÂ\xa0GAÂ\xa0mantra of eat-sleep-breathe-code just works:Â\xa0like any language, the best way to learn is by immersing yourself in it. Being able to discuss projectsÂ\xa0with peers and receiving constant feedback from industry professionals also meansÂ\xa0that you learnÂ\xa0at a much faster pace than if you wereÂ\xa0battling itÂ\xa0alone.Â\xa0\nÂ\xa0\nI came out of GA knowing how to brand myself as a data scientistÂ\xa0for the kind of company I\'d like to attract, and I\'m delighted to say it worked. I amÂ\xa0now atÂ\xa0a machine learning startup: it\'s challenging, cutting-edge, rewardingÂ\xa0and fun. Incredibly grateful to be where I am.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The course at GA in London was brilliant, i cant believe the amount i learnt and what i was able to produce within the week. The campus was really inviting and the teaching team were obviously passionate about their subject and taught in a really considered way. What I loved was that all through the course I felt like i was being taught all really practical skills, very real world. The environment within class was friendly and collaborative which furthered the enjoyment of learning. I would highly recommend this course, and would suggest you put this first for the week you are there as thats the best way to get the most out of it. I left the course feeling a lot more confident and really productive about my future and my abilities.Â\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The Good: Curriculum was broad enough to get a great taste of Data Science methods and deep enough to make you conversive in key concepts. And if you plan your capstone correctly, you get to go a little deeper into specific methods that interest you. In the end, I was able to leverageÂ\xa0the combination of my experience and the tools learned at GAÂ\xa0to land theÂ\xa0job I wanted.\nThe Bad: Instructional method wasÂ\xa0heavily dependent on virtual classroom, with too little in-classroomÂ\xa0support. Local instructor should have been more involved and coordinated with virtual instructors. Regarding the two primary instructors,Â\xa0one was really good at keeping the class engaged through Slack, but the other was not. Most of my cohort had a clear preference and learned a lot more from the more engaged instructor. Having said that, the course materials are generally excellent and sufficiently detailed to make up for any instructor concerns - I learned a lot from the notebooks provided.\nI really liked the Job Assistance that was givenÂ\xa0throughout the course. They offered the right level of input for updating your resume/LinkedIn/portfolio/etc.Â\xa0in order to present the right story to potential employers. My LinkedIn profile was key to me landing the job after graduation, though I have to admit it took longer than expected. The Outcomes teamÂ\xa0also provided severalÂ\xa0good leads, a couple of which I got pretty far with.\nÂ\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., The excellent teachers and great facilities were just a small part of the fun and intense time at GA iâ€™ve Had over the past 3 months. Coming to GA after a year spent researching, I just Â\xa0wish iâ€™d come here much earlier to begin my transition to become a confident and versatile UX Designer. Â\xa0Thanks GA ðŸ¤—ðŸ¤—ðŸ¤—\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', "[This course was very in-depth and detailed. I was already familiar with UX in my career but this was a great refresher course with new tips and tricks. And ultimately the camaraderie of classmates for feedback and testing plus the opportunity to expand your network are always worth it. The staff were super friendly, helpful, and cool. They were true teachers in every sense of the word. I highly recommend this course as well as this school to anyone interested in personal and career development.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., It was such a great expirience going to GA, I absolutely loved it! GA not only gives you knowledge but it also feels like work experience. All tasks and problem solvings are very job related. Instructors and staff are friendly, professional and responsive. If I could i would go back there again! Thanx GA!)))\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I had an overall positive experience in the course. \xa0The teachers were always willing to help, and were engaging in class. \xa0\nI was left feeling like I still didn’t understand all of the concepts, and often assignments felt rushed, but that’s just part of doing the part-time class I guess.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I really enjoyed the course and environment at GA. I the only issue that occured was that we lost our instructor and outcomes coach with in two weeks of each other. The TA was great. I have already recommended the course and school to others.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This course covers a wide breadth of areas in data science in a 2-month time span. I hardly had any experience with Python prior to this course. It was a bit fast-paced. But, I think the challenge was very important for me to start my Python development with a boost. I believe that the course accomodates to Python beginners and those who are more advanced. There is always an opportunity to grow. The instructors provide alot of material inside and outside of class. Also, you'll have plenty of references to utilize while you cultivate your Python skills after the course is completed.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I attended General Assembly's User Experience Design Immersive program from December 2017-February 2018. The instructor was extremely knowledgeable and helpful with a rich background in the field. Best practices are tought over 5 projects of varied length and subject matter.\xa0 Like all boot camps, General Assembly is what you make of it. Their campus is open all day long (every day except Sunday in Boston), and staff are always happy to help you understand and practice your new skills. A (minimum) cursory understanding of the scientific method or research methods is my recommendation to help you make the most of this enormous amount of information. Understanding of cognitive biases is also a plus. Design background will help a lot, but if you don't have any, you can start with youtube tutorials and GA will take you the rest of the way.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., The User Experience Design Immersive Program is a full-time 10 week 40+ hours/week course. We cover a variety of UX topics and skills while completing a total of 5 projects. We take 3 of those projects and build case studies that we then use in our portfolios. Our portfolios are a mandatory part of the course, and are websites that build during the program. Our capstone project is with a real client in the Denver area.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly offers professional education in a community-based setting that is both rigorous and supportive. The coursework is ambitious and\xa0requires students to build teamwork skills as they develop their career skills. At every turn I was impressed with General Assembly. Its reputation as a top-tier bootcamp is well deserved;\xa0I highly recommend it for anyone who is serious about making a profound difference in\xa0their future!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I made the decision to jump careers and become a developer. I chose General Assembly based on their course curriculum and post-grad career support, and I could not be more pleased with that decision. My time at GA was amazing, the instructors took complex topics and presented them in a very easily understandable manner, and it fosters a great environment for learning and growth. When I look back on what I learned in the 12-week WDI program I'm amazed at what I was able to learn and do, and it would not have been possible without instructors who care and a curriculum designed to optimize what you learn and do.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Only after I went through the process of signing up for information and submitting all my contact info did they tell me that the course advertised it no available at the site I requested.\xa0\nCall and talk to them before you waste your time.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I decided to do General Assembly after several failed attempts to teach myself programming. I tried reading books—they were usually out of date by the time I was trying to program against them and resulted in a lot of unnecessary and confusing bugs. I tried signing up for free MOOCs and even paid online courses—I always ended up dropping them after the first evening because I got busy with life and didn’t have anyone holding me accountable. Finally, I found General Assembly - Denver —I had the desire to learn, but they expected me to show up every day and work hard to master this stuff, and it made all the difference.\nThanks to 2 fantastic teachers who believed in me, got me excited about working in technology, and helped explain complex JavaScript and web framework concepts piece-by-piece, I mastered the basics of web development in only 3 months!\nOne of the things I appreciated most about the web development course was the scope of the curriculum and how tightly it was aligned to the job search. Before GA, I kept switching around between C# and Python and other languages based on friend’s recommendations, and never got any traction on any of them because I didn’t know what employers were really looking for. GA is very focused on web languages and frameworks and there are a LOT of employers looking for those skills. I was surprised how many web development roles there were once I started looking.\nThe other thing I really liked about GA’s curriculum was the emphasis on projects. Sure, we had daily homework and lessons, but they were all aimed towards helping us succeed during the next project. And we could make whatever we wanted—it was super exciting and motivating to have that level of freedom during school.\nGA’s #1 priority as a school is to help you land a job at the end. They talk about it when you apply, they talk about it every week during school, and you have constant access to a career coach during your job search. Before you graduate, you’ve taken a professional headshot, targeted your resume, updated your LinkedIn profile, and developed a personal portfolio site that highlights your 4 projects from school. Those tools, combined with some additional networking, interviewing and negotiating salary sessions with my career coach, helped me land a fantastic first gig within 4 months of graduating! And it wasn’t just me—most of the people in my class landed jobs within 3 months of graduating.\nThe only con I can think of is that Denver is a relatively new campus so they are still working out some of their processes. The good news is that gives you a lot of flexibility to pitch in as a student - I decided to put on a hackathon for alums and was able to make it happen. A more established program would probably have had a lot of red tape getting in the way of innovating like that. Also, even though GA’s Denver campus is relatively new, they have the resources of GA generally and are working hard to develop the alumni community. I’m still in touch with several people who graduated in my cohort, and not only are they good resources for networking and discussing issues we’re facing in the industry, they have also become some of my good friends in town!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I completed the Web Development Immersive course at General Assembly in Atlanta. The course was amazing, and I am very happy with the skills I developed. The instructors were very knowledgeable and obviously cared very deeply about the students' success. I always felt very comfortable on campus, and it is in an interesting part of the city.\xa0\nThe curriculum presented marketable and relevant technologies in a logically progressive way. The curriculum is very flexible and changes to ensure students graduate with full-stack skills employers want.\nThe pace is challenging, and at times seems insurmountable, but the instructors and classmates help you through it all.\nI am very, very glad I attended General Assembly.\nI completed the Web Development Immersive course at General Assembly in Atlanta. The course was amazing, and I am very happy with the skills I developed. The instructors were very knowledgeable and obviously cared very deeply about the students' success. I always felt very comfortable on campus, and it is in an interesting part of the city.\xa0\nThe curriculum presented marketable and relevant technologies in a logically progressive way. The curriculum is very flexible and changes to ensure students graduate with full-stack skills employers want.\nThe pace is challenging, and at times seems insurmountable, but the instructors and classmates help you through it all.\nI am very, very glad I attended General Assembly.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", "[As I was looking into going back to school for web development I had a friend(fellow web dev)\xa0help me pick out schools. We looked at what they offered and ultimatley chose GA. The reason I chose GA was for a few reasons.\n1. They had a great curriculum that was not too long and not too short. A lot of the other schools are 5-7 months and it was hard to justify and be without work for that long. 3 months was the perfect amount.\n2. My web dev friend knew other people who went through the program and found success.\n3. I had 2 personal friends attend GA before me and they both strongly reccommend it.\n\xa0\nThe Instructors were very helpful and explained thing really well. They did have to go fast because it was a lot to cover in 3 months, but they did an amazing job. Zeb and Joe are easy to talk to and really help you get to the answer without giving it away.\xa0\n\xa0\nJob Assistance really turned up when they hired Nicole, She works very hard to make connections and network so that we students have better opportunites when we look for jobs. Nicole has made my resume and cover letters look better than they ever have before. She takes the time to speak to everyone and she never stops working because she wants everyone to succeed. I currently have a job, but I still talk to her weekly to stay in touch and push jobs her way for other students.\xa0\n\nOverall I can't believe how quickly I got up and running in 3 months and was able to secure a job. I could not have done this withou GA. Being in the class room, struggling(in a good way) and learning this world was such a great experience. So many doors have opened up becuase I took the leap to change my carreer. I can't thank GA and the staff enough!\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., quality of the curriculum:\nI took the online JavaScript Circuit. The curriculum covered quite a lot of information in a progressive fashion. The course covers JavaScript, JQuery, APIs and Deployment. The delivery of information in easy to digest chunks of information was very helpful, as were the coding exercises with helpful hints after each section. This new JavaScript knowledge has opened a whole new world to me that works hand in hand with my HTML/CSS, visual design and UX design skills. I would highly recommend the course.\ninstructors:\nThe weekly 1:1 online meetings were very positive. My mentor was extremely helpful. When I had questions and difficulties with the final project, another mentor was very helpful, answering emails promptly and setting up an online meeting to give some assistance.\ncons:\xa0\nI was new to JavaScript and there was so much material presented at once. So, even though I was able to follow and understand the material and the logic most of the way through, by the end of the course it became difficult to be successful with the deployment coding. I ended with a project that is not fully functioning. I just finished the course and I still have some time with email access to mentors, so hopefully this will be resolved.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA give me the skills and confidence to become a Software Engineer at a Fortune 50 company. I started work just 4 weeks after graduating and have been working for 2 years now.\xa0 The best decision I have ever made was to\xa0attend GA.\xa0 The quality\xa0of instruction was best-in-class.\xa0 The facilities are fantastic.\xa0 Job assistance was very helpful in getting graduates in front of hiring managers and recruiters.\xa0 Everyone\xa0in the cohort who applied themselves in the class was quickly\xa0able to find meaningful development work.\xa0 That fact alone demonstrates the high quality of the GA instruction.\xa0 I can't say enough good things about GA.\xa0\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I had a great experience at the 1-week long General Assembly product management intensive.\xa0 I have experience in web development and found that I was learning non-stop during the week-long course, and feel proud of what my team came up with in our final project.\nPerks:\nInstructors (David & Vince) were terrific.\xa0 Not only were they extremely knowledgeable on the topics, but they also were great teachers and had a clear passion for what they were covering.\xa0 They were the best part of the course, by far!\nTeam project environment made the course engaging.\xa0 Everything we were learning applied directly to the project that we were working on.\xa0 Individual assignments were organized in an intelligent way to build up to the finished final project.\nFeedback on work was great.\xa0 David looked through the assignments critically, giving insights on how to improve it and worked personally with our team to improve our work.\nLectures on topics were clearly prepared and covered the topics in depth.\nCons:\nAt my full-time job, I kept some responsibilities and worked over email before & after class and on our lunch breaks.\xa0 Given the course material, homework, and intensity of the course, this was a little overwhelming.\xa0 I would strongly suggest ensuring you have no other responsibilities when taking this week-long intensive.\n\xa0\nOverall the course was great.\xa0 Worth the price of tuition and then some.\xa0 Thanks David & Vince!!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Tools require to explore and analyze data effectivelyThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., The course is intense and rewarding at the same time. 5 projects in 10 weeks, and juggling with lessons, seminars, meetups and schoolwork.\nHowever, I met friends that stayed beyond the end of the course, and valuable knowledge that helped me where I am working now. Also, GA has an excellent network of alumni and coursemates where i can seek help from. GA is also helpful in terms of assisting us with our job search and subsidies.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The material taught is good enough for you to get a job as a junior developer but there is not much coverage on computer science topics.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Completed a 5-week online course. For 5 weeks, it was a good amount of information and learning. Definitely good for beginners looking to learn more about digital marketing. The online course was very flexible and accommodating to my needs as I am a full-timer. I was able to complete units in my own time and 1 on 1 mentor hours were very flexible. Was also able to extend the course for a couple of weeks to ensure I could complete the units properly. Support team was great and the content was insightful.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Excellent class. \xa0I highly recommend this class to anyone who wants to market online. \xa0The one on one sessions after each assignments was very helpful. \xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Great\xa0introductory course to data science and\xa0great material. However, classes were full of slides and\xa0actual practice was about 20% of the course which made it a bit boring. Even tough we talk to the instructor many times about this he refused to chaged his metodology.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Getting the skills required to be a full stack developer could take 6 months to a year. However, enrolling in General Assembly's WDI program allows you to acquire those skills in 3 months. The instructors, fellow students, and campus on GA were top notch and enabled me to be engaged, excited, and learn a vast sum of knowledge with great joy. The cirriculm was upto date with technology in demand, which is no small feat considering how quickly things change, and thorough with students required\xa0to devote everything in order to compherend and master the material teached. As with any bootcamp what you put in is what you will get out, but the help/attention from the instructors and other students made life a little bit easier. I cannot reccomend GA enough.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Very good experience! I felt that all my questions were answered with this course. I was exposed to UX methods, techniques, and procedures. The staff was super friendly and the school had a great atmostphere.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", "[I selected the 1 week intense course in Product Management. I chose this because it aligned with my schedule given the I was working full-time. The class size was small, no more than 12 of us and everyone came from diverse backgrounds. This provided a unique aspect to the class when working together during group projects. Our instructor, Aditi Joshi, was extremely knowledgable about the subjects covered and showed personal interest in our success.\nThe GA facility was an incredible space to learn in during and after class. I found myself spending majority of my time at the facility because I felt more encouraged to get work done. GA's facility, staff, and program was one I am very grateful for having been a part of. I highly recommend taking a course here whether your looking to learn something new, expand on a current skill, or simply want to be surrounded by people looking to better their lives.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I 100% honestly believe if it wasn't for my instructor, Shanu, I wouldn't have enjoyed it as much as I did.\xa0 Even after a long day at work, I still look forward going to class because she outlines the course to be relatable,\xa0 straightforward and engaging. She was flexible when it came to assignments if it was reasonable, she provided honest feedback on our progress and you can see she sincerely cares. Huge shout out to the GA staff in SF too for being accommodating.\xa0\nThe course itself really helped me apply the concepts to my real life projects at my workplace.\xa0 The only pro I can think of was it was a bit challenging using Schoology but that is more of their fault. ;)\nI would definitely recommend GA to any of my family, friends, peers, strangers, pretty much anyone looking to further their education in any of the courses GA offers. It is definitely worth the investment.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA was exactly what I needed, as I was coming off of a bad experience at a graduate program in Los Angeles. I was looking to learn real-world skills, that are relevant to today's work. GA gave me exactly what I was looking for, and then some. I felt like I was becoming more professionally capable every day, I was able to work with talented people, and make great connections. The GA environment allows everyone to help everyone. It is competitive, but it is a friendly competition. I felt that my teachers and staff were more than qualified, and they truly cared about the future of everyone in the class. The way that the course was set up, there was no rest, and I liked that. I signed up and paid for the class because I wanted to push myself and learn, and that is what I was able to do. At GA, you get out what you put in. I put in a lot, and the returns were immeasurable.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Improve Excel skills, learn to parse and manage data with SQL, and visualize data in Tableau.\xa0https://generalassemb.ly/education/data-analytics\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA provides a community that will remain valuable to me for the rest of my life. Being in GA is like being in a giant band with reach throughout the country. Everytime you meet another GA graduate, you have an instant friend. The networking aspect is impecable. Not only is there hundreds of brilliant GA grads, but GA creates a space that attract some of the best minds and speakers in the industry.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Overall I found General Assembly to be a great experience and was extremely valuable for me in making the transition into UX. When I finished the program I felt like I had the absolute minimum skills necessary for a UX Designer but I was able to build upon the foundation after many months of additional learning and practice. The program was heavy on research, presenting, collaborative teamwork, so it allowed me to work on skills that were not my greatest strengths.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA has been great. It has opened the doors to a new career for me.\xa0\nOur instructors were amazing, super helpful, knowledgable and personable.\xa0\nThe course was very intense, with tons of information in the class and a lot of homework. The course has definitely helped me build a foundation for understanding how programming works. And prepare us students for the real world projects.\nOverall I was very happy and have a great job now and feel accomplished with my career.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have spoken to my attorney and I have been assured there is nothing the General Assembly legal team can do about my factual review. DO NOT LET THEM INTIMIDATE YOU.\n\nI was harassed constantly while attending the WDI course and despite making this proof evident to General Assembly, the bully was not disciplined, instead allowed to thrive. Clear violations of the alleged code of conduct were ignored. I have been told this is not the first time where rules were broken and the perpetrator was not reprimanded.\n\nMost of the harassment was sexual in nature which is not advantageous to an educational environment.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., The 10 weeks UX immersive bootcamp at General Assembly in Sydney was one of the best learning experiences of my life! The UX course was a good mix of theory and practice. We covered both research and design and worked on 5 projects to put everything we learned into practice. My instructor was very passionate about UX and had extensive industry knowledge, he provided a lot of constructive feedback throughout the course. The outcomes program was great, they helped me tailor my linkedin/resume/portfolio and assisted me until I found a job. Overall my experience at General Assembly was great, I can't recommend it highly enough!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This course is a great way to kick start a new career in web development. I took my course at the Sydney GA campus and found the course and staff were excellent.\nOver the 12 weeks\xa0the course covered a great deal of content and was structured in a way that was very\xa0conducive for learning.\nThe course content and the network of people I met through General Assembly, helped me change career and become a Frontend developer in a full time job.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Having recently undertaken the accelerated Data Analytics course in Mar-18, I can safely say the course was well taught from start to finish. The instuctor, Joana and teaching asistant, Jasmine, were extremely approachable and made sure all students had a firm grasp of the contents and the concepts covered on the course. Alongside this, the facilities and staff at the General Assembly created a great flexible working environment which allowed students to continue with course work in the evenings in a safe and comfortable space.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took the UXDI class and absolutely loved it. It was the perfect fit - instruction from an experienced designer, the theory behind UX design, real world examples, and hands on projects. My favorite part of the class was the hands-on client project. Being able to work on a project that had real world goals and impact made the work I had put in earlier in the class all come together. Plus, having that in my portfolio was huge boon when finding a new job!\xa0\nThe job support is thorough and well structured. While studying in the immersive, there are weekly assignments to ramp up your application process. It was nicely spread out so it was manageable and effective. By the end of our cohort I had updated my LinkedIn, resume, cover letter, and learned so many skills I would need when applying to a new job. Julie the outcomes coach is AMAZING.\nThe community at GA is fantastic. I became close friends with people in my cohort,\xa0in the other cohorts down the hall, and the GA staff. Naida works at GA and is such a supportive and encouraging person. It was great having her and others there - it turned what could be a scary transition period into a fun time of personal growth and bonding. I was able to call GA my second home while I was there, and I love going back for alumni events.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", '[Incredible learning environment and very supportive staff. Learning is very efficient by method of "I do, we do, you do". Learned lessons and practically by working on real projects. Felt really connected with industry as I was encouraged to attend meetups, was connected with a alumni mentor and attended office visits.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This course enabled me to change career into a field I absolutly love. The classes have a high teacher/student ratio, they are obsessed about using the latest tech and have an enormous network of past grads and potential employers. If you\'re looking for a sign, this is it. Go for it.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I recently completed FEWD at General Assembly Sydney and couldn’t recommend it more! Jay is a legend and the course materials set me up to succeed in my current role. One highlight for me was celebrating with all my classmates and the Instructional and Production Teams at the end of the course! Couldn’t recommend more!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., An incredible (and practical) introduction to data science.\xa0I wish college courses were like this. It was so much information. Since we applied everything we learned I got a lot out of this class and can do a lot more than I expected I would with only 60 hours of class time. For me, pre work and homework too about double the estimated time\xa0but it was definitely worth the effort. Those with prior experience in either statistics or programming will have a leg up, but it\'s not necessary to get started.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I had no development experience prior to attending this course, and was completely unsure what to expect. I can only say that it was the best thing I could have possibly done for my career. 18 months later I\'m still loving my new career and couldn\'t have done it without the support of the people at GA in Sydney. It was a hard 3 months but I would do it again in a heartbeat. I had so much fun throughout, and I couldn\'t have asked for more support from my instructors and the rest of the team there.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \xa0\nGA was one of the best decisions and experiences in my life, mainly due to the amazing leaders here\xa0and the community of people that I have met, that will be long lasting relationships. It has certainly enriched my life.\xa0\nI graduated from the General Assembly UXDI program at the NY campus, in December 2017. I am now 2 weeks into my first full-time UX Designer position and couldn\'t be happier.\nI had such wonderful and dedicated mentors.\xa0I am extremely impressed with the guidance, support, encouragement, communication and opportunities that\xa0my GA instructors and career coaches\xa0have continuously provided me.\xa0I can\'t thank them\xa0enough for helping me transition and advance in my career so seamlessly!\nThat being said, the course itself is intensive. A lot of work compacted into an accelerated program. It\'s not for everyone but it was perfect for my situation. I come from a visual design background with 10+ years in marketing so I was looking to solidify my UX design knowledge in practice, to transition in my career. I took a 6 month online course with another school prior but that only wet my appetite. The in class GA UXDI course offered much more guidance and collaborative effort, which made a huge difference for me. The course covers a broad range of topics but there isn\'t enough time to really put everything to practice before you move onto more material. The projects help solidify concepts. You get as much as you put into it so be sure to ask questions and dig deeper into any topic that you\'re not strong in.\nIn terms of professional development, I can\'t speak for everyone but I receieved great support from them. I was also proactive in communicating with them post course, which I\'m sure has an impact on the outcome. My current job was actually reccomended to me by one of the GA career coaches. They were just as proactive in helping me along and now I am in a company and position that I was looking for, as a great starting point to my new career.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The course was heavily overpriced for anyone not being covered by work.\nThe curriculum and instructors did not provide a thoroughly instructive approach for any form of "product manager."\nThe course attempts to instruct would-be and aspiring entrepreneurs on the basics of business and product management, while also claiming to and attempting to cover the nuances of actual product management within an established company -- failing to sufficiently train in either.\nMy experience may have been tainted by the instructor Aditi Joshi. She ultimately showed with little respect for students, feigning interest and recognition of the importance of questions, answering in ways that illustrated her own "impressive" experience and awareness of trends instead of addressing the nuance and struggle with concepts behind a student\'s question. It\'s possible that a more attentive and talented instructor would have been able to substantially address product management in both the entrepreneurial and established business contexts, but seems like the course is just most likely over-ambitious and should be split up into 2 different courses.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Well run\xa0course. The material clearly guides you to sufficient knowledge to make very impressive websites using HTML 5, CSS, Javascript, jQuery, Ruby on Rails and various databases.\nThe instructor was first rate and this was a very positive experience for me.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This course ticked every box for me - excellent instructors with a balance of strong knowledge, great teaching methods and a sense of humour; challenging and engaging course material; combo of class work and autonomous projects; real sense of community. The pace is fast and I had a little bit of exposure to (non-web-dev) coding before starting, so I found that the speed and level of engagement expected was perfect for me. That being said I was doing hours and hours of coding outside of school hours, but the hours flew because it was so damn fun.\nBefore enrolling, one big factor for me was whether to go part-time or full-time (immersive), as it\'s a big financial commitment to go full-time. I can 100% recommend going full-time immersive if you\'re in a career change position - the job assistance (Outcomes) program makes it REALLY worthwhile.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The course gives a clear overview of all the aspects concerning Digital Marketing. As a CEO of an on-line startup it is a good way to have an overall picture of how to set-up your marketing team and, from a business perspective, set-up your business objectives according to your value proposition, marketing personas and following marketing decisions, in which channels and so on. The course is really fast paced and full of information to absorbe.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., This was a real game changing experience for me. Having been a UI designer that "dabbled" in UX, it totally opened my eyes to a new way of thinking and working. So glad I did the course and can\'t wait to dive right in with everything i\'ve learnt!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Beginnners course for those wanting to get a deeper grasp on marketing and for those who need to explore different outlets in order to market their brand\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[The course is an excellent training on excel, tableau, SQL and the best practices behind data analytics. I especially loved my instructor\'s real-world experience, and he was able to give great career advice during office hours as well as great teaching on the subject matter. The structure of the course is very project-based, and through it I\'m able to have a polished portfolio piece that I\'m leveraging in my job search process. Highly recommend!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Although I graduated with a marketing degree in May, I felt that my formal education leaned more on theory than practice. I came to General Assembly to get the most up-to-date digital marketing tactics. This course re-ignited my love of learning, most of which I had lost in the rigor of my university program. The instructors were top notch;\xa0they explained difficult concepts clearly and got me excited to put what I learned into practice. My entire GA experience, from\xa0onboarding, to the class sessions, to the alumni benefits package, to staying in the loop with the community has changed how I view education. I now consider myself a life-long learner and have General Assembly to thank for that.\xa0I had such a positive student experience that I\xa0continue to stay involved with the GA community, by attending a few events and workshops each month. I have nothing but great things to say about GA!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The couse was well structured, the lectures were packed with up-to-date industry knowledge. And almost more importantly, the projects provided immediate application and a rip-the-band-aid type experience to get our cohort into the UX mindset.\nAs the course went on, there were less chances for feedback, so I personally saught it as much as possible.\nIf you want to pivot and make that big change in your life, it\'s going to be a lot about you having the right mindset to do so. In Tyler Hartrich\'s class, he emphasizes having this mindset over and over which I now realize was absolutely crucial to me getting everything I could out of the class to make this transition.\nThis transformative experience can be daunting and very challenging, and I don\'t think it would have been possible without General Assembly\'s UXDI program and Tyler Hartrich\'s teaching method.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took this course to update my HTML skills and learn CSS. Before selecting General Assembly, I checked out online reviews, took their free course and checked out two other online schools. I thought General Assembly would give me the skills I was looking for so I could create engaging webpages.\nI was wrong about General Assembly. After completing the 10-week course, I was still confused about CSS and I did not have the skills to make my website match my design. Here\'s what disappointed me:\n\nCurriculum was old. It was written in 2014 and hadn\'t been updated. Tech moves quickly and I want a curriculum that is current.\nWeekly lectures were never live - they were taped. So I could watch them, but I couldn\'t interact with the instructor and ask questions.\nLimited to one mentor session per week, so I couldn\'t work ahead and finish the course in less time.\nMentor sessions were rushed.\nNot enough hands-on coding practice.\nNo lifetime access to the material learned. Most online schools give you unlimited access to your lessons.\n\nMy original plan was to take the JavaScript class from General Assembly, but for the above reasons, I instead searched for another school to learn that skill. I chose Skillcrush and for the same cost of one 10-week General Assembly JavaScript class, I got unlimited access to all their front and back end web developer courses along with a complete suite of web designer courses and wordpress coding courses. After four months at\xa0Skillcrush, I am now confident in my HTML, CSS, web design and JavaScript abilites and am actually creating engaging pages that match my designs.\xa0\nI recommend you avoid General Assembly and check out Skillcrush instead. I wish I had gone to Skillcrush first.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I was a student in General Assembly\'s 12-week Web Development Immersive program in San Francisco in the fall of 2017. Altogether, I learned SO MUCH throughout the program and now feel like I can be a lifelong independent development learner. The program is fast paced, very dynamic, and well suited for motivated learners.\nYou really get out of the program what you put into it and to succeed you need to take ownership of your learning. There is a lot of assistance available (office hours, TAs, classmates, etc.), but you need to be proactive in seeking out additional support when you need it.\xa0\nThe curriculum is updated regularly based on feedback from graduates and employers, which is great to see, but that means not everything is completely ironed out before teaching.\xa0\nI was very impressed with the instructors (especially Justin!). The teachers really matter in a course that is actively taught 40 hours a week and General Assembly seems to do a great job selecting and supporting the staff.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \nThis rigorous program was the best decision I\'ve ever made, hands down. I\'ve learned so much in such a short amount of time, which would have never been possible just learning everything by myself. It\'s a commitment and you must devote every aspect of your life to, learning how to program and not just that, but how does everything work and why it works. Being at General Assembly I not only gained valuable skills like learning how to build an express backend, building full stack ruby applications, even the ins-and-outs of git just to name a few, but I gained an incredible community of like-minded individuals who I\'m happy to call my friends as well. The toughest experience of my life, but I would not hesitate to do this all over again.\n\xa0\nOne thing I would recommend is that you sharpen your JS skills to a very refined point. This program moves FAST! So, make friends that will help you along the way of this tough as nails journey. One thing I do have to say that probably isn\'t too positive is that some of the instructors\xa0simply didn\'t really care, you\'ll have to weed those out and yea it will be apparent. I had two in my cohort, one didn\'t really care and the other was already on level 900000 when trying to explain certain\xa0things, basically wasn\'t too beginner friendly. The curriculum\xa0needs a little bit of work too, but don\'t be afraid to speak up and let the instructors know what is needed in aiding you with the learning process. For example, I fought for screencasts of certain lectures as well as others from my cohort and oh boy! did that help.\n\xa0\nOh and yea, I hardly had any programming experience beforehand, maybe only a few months of HTML, CSS, and JS...yup, the basics(all from free code camp). Also, no CS degree!! Currently, just graduated.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., A 5 week online course\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I went into the course with 2 eyes open and yet, the course manages to surprise me with the flexibility of the UX Design Process. Love the applicability of the design process and hopefully, I can make use of the process in what I do now (I am a curriculum designer). Doing it part-time with a full-time job was a killer though :)\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., A really good course and great tutor\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I recently completed the Web Development Immersive course at General Assembly in Boston. It was an amazing experience and I recommend it highly. It\'s a grueling course - 12 weeks, M-F, 9-5 with 1-2 hours of homework per night. Puctuality and attendance are critical, in order to graduate you can only have 5 tardies and only 3 missed days. I don\'t recommend missing any days if it can be helped because you\'ll miss so much in one day. During the course you complete four full-stack web applications, 3 individual and one group project. The curricilum is excellent. They ensure that you learn the basics of how JavaScript works (e.g. closures, async, prototypical inheritance, truthy/falsey, hoisting, promises, etc.). Their style of instruction really helps to cement the concepts in your brain. For each topic there is typically a lecture, demo (they show you how to code it), code-along (they code along with you), and lab (you code it yourself or in a small group). The instructors are engaging and helpful (without doing the work for you). They definitely teach you to stand on your own. My only constructive feedback is that I wish they taught a more popular web framework than Ember. I get why Ember: it "goes with" Ruby, it\'s opinionated, and easy to teach, and I realize that they can\'t teach everything. But I would have liked to have learned React or Angular which are more popular than Ember.\nThe makeup of the class participants is really diverse. Lots of women, non-white, and all around not totally straight, white 20-something males. Also people from all sorts of backgrounds from teaching to real estate, to just about anything.\nThe career support is terrific. You meet with them once a week as a group where they help you with your personal brand, LinkedIn, resume, networking, portfolio, and more. They give you personal feedback, and are available for 1x1s weekly as well. They continue their support post-graduation as well.\nThe instructional space is really nice. The office is conveniently located steps from South Station. It\'s a brand new space, with large classrooms, individual meeting rooms, "phone booths", a large lobby and students lounge with coffee, water, refrigerator, etc. The front-lines support staff is super-helpful and supply laptop chargers, phone chargers, etc. They also keep the space in tip-top condition.\nI can\'t say enough good things about it, and would recommend it to anyone interested in a coding bootcamp.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Very good course!\nSydney\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I attended a 6 day Product Management Course in London and was hugely impressed by the quality of the instruction, resources and activities. Our class of 20 students came from a hugely diverse background, aged 25 to 55, 7 different nationalities, 50/50 male and female. This meant that I got to work with so many different people who brought ideas to the class that I had never considered. Quality instruction was blended with individual and group work in class and supported by homework activities. I worked on a personal project during the week that mirrored the course content, culminating in a presentation of my project on the final (6thth) day. A tiring, but highly informative course. I began implanting the ideas at work on the very next day.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[We were taught\xa0more than one tech stack. Our teachers are leaders in their field and are masters at\xa0what they teach.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., GA\'s part-time front-end web development course gave me\xa0an amazing foundation in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. I got a better understanding of how websites work and had a lot of fun creating my project.\nThe class definitely gave me the vocabulary to better\xa0communicate with developers. I knew we wouldn\'t leave as expert front-end web developers\xa0after 20 three-hour classes, but the amount of information covered was impressive. Overall I finished the class feeling confident in my HTML and CSS abilities, but have a ways to go on JavaScript (mostly jQuery), which was extremely challenging for me.\nMost importantly, though, we learned how to find the answers and resources we need as we continue to learn after the class. The instructors were fantastic, and went above and beyond in helping students with their projects and with difficulties throughout the class.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I came into this course hoping to learn some basic data science, and had an excellent experience. I\'ve long enjoyed math, but have always struggled to get excited about statistics; this course was the first time that I cared enough about statistics to dive into what the many variables meant, how they were related, and how to think about the results I got. It was fun to play with data at the intersection of statistics and programming. I do wish we had more time in class to practice our skills; class time was almost entirely lecture, with most exploration left to homework, but this allowed us to cover more content. The building is nice, instructors & student experience team are awesome, and other students were also engaged & interested in learning.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Great course! Got a job right after!\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., \xa0\ni am glad I landed in GA on google one day and my choice only solidified because of the reviews I got from colleagues who were then taking courses too at GA\nOnce I had filled in enquiry I was helped by a team member of GA who relieved me of doubts\xa0\nAnd once the class started I loved every bit of it\nEven the days were challenging and I was struggling my instructors helped me see through it and I am here on my final day\nIt’s over but I am gonna miss it\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The one week Product Management course was intensive, with rather a lot of work to do each evening. But it was well-paced, and lots of fun too and we laughed a lot during class time. I left having achieved my goal of feeling more confident about entering the workforce after being at home with three small children.\r\nThere was a high calibre of students doing the course which made it more interesting and helped my\xa0learning process.\xa0The course instructor had a nice balance of humour and seriousness, and all of the team at General Assembly in Sydney are\xa0happy to help if needed. We were asked to give feedback on a daily basis, and it was always addressed the following day which was\xa0impressive.\r\nYou get lots of helpful material to refer to later, and as a bonus I have some\xa0good memories of my time there.\n\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., i really enjoyed my time and the learning experience at GA. The syllabus is extensive and the instructors were very knowledgeable, friendly and approachable. The environment was very friendly and relaxed in every other class. Great place to make new friends!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., In October of 2016, I found my self at my desk writing my two weeks notice that I never planned on submitting. I was just tired and bored of my current job at the time. My work life balance was nonexistence. I was out the house before my wife and kids were awake and home around bath and bedtime. A few weeks later I was laid off due to a merger. For years I have played around with code. I knew enough to be dangerous but not enough to employ. My wife saw this passion I had for tech and suggested that Go back to school for and get my CS degree. I Did my research and found out quickly that it would cost me 30-45k and 2-3 years to accomplish this. During my research, I found about boot camps. I had no idea what out how boot camps worked. I visited a few local campus here in Atlanta. One of those was General Assembly. From day one this staff has been friendly, transparent and encouraging. I was sold almost immediately after attending a weekend "How to code session". \xa0I schedule a meeting with Jordan Evan ( Admission Counselor) to discuss the 12 weeks immersive. \xa0We went back and fouth for a couple weeks weighing pros and cons. He was extremely patient with me. \xa0After another talk with my wife, I decided to sign up. \xa0\xa0\nFrom day one of the 12 weeks, GA has exceeded all of my expectations \xa0Everyone one from the Frontlines team to Regional Director. \xa0 Especially during my moments of doubt. \xa0There were two determining factors that lead me to choose GA Course Curriculum and the GA Community. \xa0 6 weeks after completing the course I accept a Software Engineer position. Yes, a real salaried with full benefits. ( And the pay is above the median salary for my city)\nThank you to all the amazing staff at the Atlanta Campus for supporting and pushing me past my expectations. \xa0If you are looking for a boot camp to attend\xa0stop call General Assembly. Your search is over.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., I took completed the General Assembly Web Development Immersion course ( 3 Months) back in April 2016.\nGame Changer is an understatement.\n<< Background\n\xa0Before GA, I was a creative (video producer and video editor of explainer videos). \xa0I am currently a web developer at an ad agency (video game clients). \xa0In no way shape or form could I have gotten the job, or had the opportunities if not for GA. \xa0Before I started, my Father doubted the Bootcamp path. \xa0My programmer friend insisted I was a CREATIVE, and programming was hard, and doubted the program. \xa0That programmer friend eventually hired me right out of school to work at Kik, a chat messenger.\n<< Expectation\nI believe ANYONE can learn to program. \xa0It takes curiosity, a bit of stubbornness, and a strong work ethic. \xa0But if you have these qualities. You will learn to code for 10 hours a day for 3 months. \xa0Build 4 pretty amazing apps from your own brain.\xa0\n<< The Job Hunt and my path\n1) Hired 2 days out of school to do a hybrid part programming, part partner relations\n2) 6 months later took a pay cut to do a full programming job at small agency\n3) 2 Months later hired full time at a Bigger Agency to do Front End Development (this was my strength, still do PHP as well) \xa0\n<< Downsides\nEven out of school you will get recruiters who think dev camp programmers compared to CS grads are not as good. \xa0I mean we are talking about 3 months vs 4 years. \xa0You will be on coding interviews and may bet your ass handed to you.\n<< Upsides\nIn this profession, you just need to keep learning to get paid more. \xa0Every day is an opportunity to code and become a better programmer.\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Not only did the staff and my fellow cohorts provide a professional and engaging learning environment to work in, the entire experience made me feel like I was moving into an industry and potential job that really suited me as a person.\nAs expected in a classroom environment learning from others was where I thought I would gain the most benefit, however I also had the opportunity and privilege to solidify my own understanding of concepts by helping others through their problems along the way, this was by far one of the most positive personal gains I took away from the experience. I’m now in a great position where I can start to build on the strong foundations laid at GA, and continue expanding my knowledge and understanding of all things web development.\nI would 100% recommend GA London if you are thinking of moving into a career in web development!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I would definitely recommend\xa0the Digital Marketing course, it is a great way to get an understanding of the majority of the digital marketing best practises and platforms. If you are wanting to start your career in digital marketing, or just trying to get a better understanding about the numbers you are tracking, it helps to start building the knowledge.\nIt\'s practical application helps you learn while achieving and implementing well thought out strategies. Highly recommend this course.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I am a graduate of the User Experience Design Immersive Course in London from May-July 2017. I originally was on the February 2017 intake but had to pull out in Week 3 due to a sudden illness. While I was recovering in hospital they could not have treated me any better and offered me whatever options I wanted to take. I then re-started the course in May when I had recovered and am now in the job search phase of it. So far the job support has been quality\xa0and you are going to get out of it what you put in - but it\'s important to note that the support\xa0is there.\xa0The course itself is fast-paced, full on and requires your 100% commitment - and I wouldn\'t want it any other way. We had an experienced senior\xa0UX Designer as our teacher, and if we had any feedback we were constantly encouraged to speak up. It was a positive learning environment, (but it did help that\xa0we had a classroom full of students that handled the pressure cooker well). If you are unsure about General Assembly - they are top notch and are worth the investment. But if you are deciding on a career change like I did,\xa0make sure you go to the many free open nights and speak to the team there to see if it\'s right for you. And if it is - go for it!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[General Assembly was a great experience for me, and I would recommend it whole-heartedly. But you need to know what you\'re in for before you sign up. It\'s like a language immersion, but for data. The data science immersive was very challenging because they\'re teaching you a ton of stuff in a very short amount of time. To get the most out of it, you will be getting 8-hours of in-class instruction each day, and should expect an additional 3-hours of homework after that to solidify the material you learned. Each day, you learn two important topics related to data science (one in the morning, and another in the afternoon). They don\'t really repeat things if you don\'t quite get it, so you have to pay attention, you have to do your homework, and you have to not sweat the fact that you probably won\'t leave the course a total master at everything. If you come into the course with a bit of python as background, that will help you immensely. If you do the work, you will come out of the class with a solid data science foundation. You should know though that completing the course alone will not get you a job. You need to actually have the skills at the end, as employers will test your abilities during the application process. You can\'t fake knowing data science. For this reason, the job coaches can only get you so far. Think of this less as something you "buy" or "get" and more of something you "do" or "work for" and you should be able to get a lot from the class. If you don\'t have the right attitude, the time, or the discipline to learn the materials, then this course is not for you.\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., I move to London for the UXDI Course and it\'s been one of my best decisions so far. The course was everything I needed and expected. I wanted to shift from Visual Design tu UX Design and GA gave me the skills and knowledge I needed. The 10 weeks are divided into different projects in groups and individualy. You have to work hard but at the same time you enjoy every single second that goes by. The Instructional team was very professional, supportive and engaging all the way through. You meet very creative fun and interesting people that by the end of the course become your \'GA Family\', your friends.\xa0\n\r\nDoing this course changed my life. After I finished the course I got the TA position for the following course and the Outcomes team was very supportive in helping us find a job. Before I finished the TA role I had done more than 8 interviews and had 2 job offers. I started my current job a week after which was my main goal of moving to London and I have to thank GA for that.\xa0\n\r\nHave in mind that GA gives you the structure, tools, team and techniques you need to pursue your dream but you must work hard too. I\'d recommend GA to everybody who wants to learn in an innovative environment surrounded by amazing people and creative minds.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I studied the UX part-time course (2 nights a wk). Loved every minute I was there. It is faced pace and very informative. I learnt more in 10 weeks of this course than I did in some semesters at University. Really loved the staff, all very eager to help in any way they can. I was very sad it was over at the end of the 10 weeks.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., This place is a joke...they rob you of your money and run!! \xa0I took the wdi course and it was a waste of money and time. \xa0Do not go here, they will teach you nothing!! \xa0if you struggle, all \xa0they do is push you aside, instead of helping you figure out why you are. \xa0The student services and outcome sucks too!! [NAME REDACTED]\xa0is not a good person and very rude!! as well as her coworker, [NAME REDACTED]\xa0they are too self-involved with their reputation then trying to help you out. \xa0Do not fall into their scam....it is a waste of money. \xa0they will tell you to quit your job to take the program and when you struggle they will try and convince you to drop the class. \xa0They don\'t care about you, only about your money!!!\nThis Review Is Helpful15Flag as inappropriate., The content was relevent, prepared in advance and presented in a simple, easy to read way. The teachers were extremely knowledgable in their area of expertise and no question was a silly question. Not only were the teachers available during the course of the day but were happy to stay back after class each day to answer any questions.\nComing in from a low level degree of knowledge in digital marketing, I feel like I learned quite a bit and it\'s given me motivation to explore it and apply it to my career.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took the UXDI course in London early last year. My background had nothing to do with it, I was working in a warehouse moving boxes here and there and working on weekends.\nRight after the course I got hired as a Teaching Assistant at GA London for the next UXDI, which was an amazing experience, and nicely paid, which was great because I was broke :)\nI finished teaching on a Friday. The next Tuesday I started my first UX job at an agency in London. Now I just got offered another job, with a great pay rise and better conditions. I went from 23K to 40K in year and a half. Pretty sweet. And no more lifting heavy boxes or working weekends.\nOne thing though: The course is just the beginning, you need to work hard during and after the course. Read books, go to meet ups, roll in courses, online and offline, keep learning. GA can teach you the way, but you have to walk it.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., General Assmbly was amazing. I went in knowing a bit a bit HTML and CSS having tried to teach myself for a few months so found\xa0the first week pretty straight forward. After that, it was incredibly full on and we got stuck in with the more difficult concepts of web development.\xa0\n\r\nStarting with basic JavaScript, we learnt the fundamentals of programming and quickly progressed to fullstack languages and frameworks.\n\r\nI learned more in the first week and a half at GA than I did after 3 months of teaching myself. They really push you but are their to support you when you get stuck.\xa0\n\r\nWe covered a huge amount of languages and tools and I would massively reccommend doing it, but you\'ve got to fully commit to it and definitely keep up the learning pace after you finish.\xa0\n\r\nThe outcomes team don\'t get you a job, but they really help with feedback and get you as prepared as possible for the job search so we really helpful! Definitely a case of work hard, play hard!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Hand on my heart, I would recommend(with bright lovely colours)WDI to anyone who asks me.\xa0\nEnvironment:\xa0\nThe London campus is full of support, laughter, and fantastic vibes, all of which mix very well for a perfect 12 week course. The front of house staff are exceptional, and they maintain the campus to the highest standard. London hold superb events to which I have made a great deal of fantastic contacts from. The campus is in the heart of Aldgate and is surrounded by yummy food places and cheeky \'drink\' places to kick back in.\xa0\nInstructors/ Staff\nThe instuctors at GA are on another level. Their complete expertese, patience and support really help you feel like you can smash the course (with hard work). They are not only supportive, but they are honest too if you\'re not pulling your weight during the course which for me, is vital. The outcomes team who help you through the course with your job search are outstanding. They go above and beyond to help you find that first job after the course. The patience they have for each and every student is one of the reasons I would reccomend the course and the London campus.\xa0\nCurriculum\nGA\'s curriculum was a part of the course I was completely blown away with. We were all told from day one that the course would be full on and that basically you wouldn\'t have a life but the way they structured the course was perfect. I understand now that the WDI course will be moving to React as part of the curriculum which for me is the absoloute right direction.\xa0\nOverview\nOverall I would give GA 9 out of 10. Anyone who is looking to step into the exciting pond of development would be utterly over the moon with this course. Putting the price of the course aside, this for me was a complete investment.\xa0\nSo much love for GA\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., A friend recommended this course and found it really great. However, there were only 16 people in their class - there were 30 in mine. I felt sorry for the tutors having to deal with a large group of students with such a diverse range of skill and needs - They were actually quite good, but getting their attention was difficult. The pace of the classes was greatly\xa0affected by the wide range of skill levels and the number of students. With regards to our projects, there were a few times where tutors would take over and basically do our code.\nI felt mislead by this course. Firstly, because the website implies that there\'s a daily structure - a period of time designated to labs etc. Secondly, that there would be pair programming. We didn\'t have many opportunities to do any labs and experiment and speaking to graduates from Makers, pair programming really helped them progress and learn.\nI would only recommend this course if you have a solid foundation in coding already, or have a STEM background. Before joining I was led to believe that you didn\'t need much experience and that everything will eventually click into place. 4 months on and I\'m still waiting\xa0for things to fall into place. I can now see why Founders and Coders are very strict with their entrance requirements - as it pays to be prepared as you can before an intensive 3 months of learning.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., I want to delete this review, but Coursereport doesn\'t allow it.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly was an overall great experience. I came into the course with previous experience programming, particularly with Java, and that was definitely a great help. I feel that the course gave me an excellent, solid foundation with Android fundamentals. I was also able to put together a decent portfolio of projects that I\'ll be able to continue to develop as I learn new skills.\nAs far as career assistance goes, General Assembly put me in a good place to help myself get a job. I have a personal portfolio website hosted by github, a complete Linkedin page, and an up to date resume. I also maintain access to the carreer assistance program for as long as I need, so long as I am actively applying for jobs and regularly attending networking events.\nI am currently actively looking for jobs, and there are certainly a lot of options in the New York City area. The only issue is that most postings ask for 2+ years of professional development experience, with at least a year of Android development. This is a tough requirement for any recent graduate of a program that teaches a new skill, but can be particularly tough for someone who is switching careers from a non-technical background.\nTL;DR: I recommend the program. Previous programming experience is not required, but helps. Career assistance helps you help yourself.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., The course is structured and intense - helped me build up my foundations on my digital marketing skills. Loved the class and the people in the class (including the instructors and staff of GA).\xa0\nI would highly recommend anyone to join this course to upgrade their skills and refine their knowledge!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Course iteself was actually well run and provided good information about the grwoing field.\xa0 My issues with it are more related to how it is looked upon or treated by the school itself.\xa0 It seems too stand aone within the curriculum and unfortunately the course and the students seem to be treaetd as the cliched red headed step children of General Assembly.\xa0\nAfter finishing the course it felt like I was just providing tuition to the school and thats all they cared about.\nJust my thoughts. Thanks anyway.\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., The most rewarding (and challenging) 12 weeks of my life. The curriculum and my instructors were amazing and helped me gain the skills and confidence that\xa0I needed to bring my ideas to life through code. I have met so many incredible people and I\xa0am so happy that I have finally made the\xa0transition and become a web developer.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I really enjoyed this class. It is definitely intense and a lot of info to pack into one week but if you need to learn these skills quick I would highly recomend it. The teacher, Suzanne, is great and goes into depth on many of the topics. I feel more confiendent to position myself as a Product Manager as I progress in my career. We did a lot of activities to really put into practice what we were learning. This is intnese though, make sure you are aware of that before committing, you have to dedicate you week to this to get as much as you can\xa0out of it.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Overall a great experience and I learned a great deal about Digital Marketing strategy and digital markeitng plan execution.\nAfter completing the course, I have more insight and understanding into Digital Marketing (strategy, language/vocabulary). \xa0As I read articles/blogs about Digital Marketing trends or practices (native advertising, retargeting, etc), I am able to follow along with the article and have an understanding of the concepts.\nThe course is a bit long, but there\'s alot to learn. \xa0During class, the information and content felt a bit disjointed and not connected, but the last 3-4 classes brought all the information together and the various components started to make more sense.\nI have many years of traditional marketing experience and this course has helped me to better understand digital marketing and has expanded my knowledge base as a business person and a marketer.\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I\'m graduating today from the Web Development Immersive program and I could not be more pleased with how the entire experience went. The instructors were amazing, the staff was great and the curriculum was challenging.\nI feel that I now have an incredible background to help propel me into web development. Not only did we learn languages and frameworks that are relevant to the market, we learned how to learn. I went from thinking "there\'s no way I can solve this" to "I can work through and figure this out." I would highly recommend this course (especially in Denver) to anyone who has an interest in web development.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., You will get a good taste of the skills needed\xa0to start your UX designing journey.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., I cannot describe how disappointed I am. I partly blame my own judgement. The curriculum looked very attractive with all the topics I hoped to learn. But if you think about it - they promise you to become a data scientist in two months with two 3-hour lectures a week? Common! I totally understand that the course would\xa0cost more if you extended it, but this is exactly why I will not recommend it to anyone who asks me for advice. In the end it feels like I wasted my money. I\'d prefer to pay more and learn properly, than pay less and pretend learning.\nThey could probably save the situation if they put more support in place. But support was not there.\xa0For money you pay you expect someone there to help you when you are stuck with your code or understanding and interpreting models. But no, you are basically alone! In the end I found all answers I needed interacting in stackoverflow.com and learnt how different models really worked watching youtube videos by some prominent universities.\nThe structure of the course and the pace are also totally wrong. We were asked to start working on a final project on week 3 before we covered all the topics. No feedback whatsoever! So instead of practising useful skills, playing with modelling etc., students ended up fighting bad data sets and working on tasks which were unrealistic.\nSo if you ask me - don’t waste your money. You will get the same knowledge elsewhere for free. Or if you have more money and time, do it properly.\nThis Review Is Helpful19Flag as inappropriate., Brilliant introduction to the stack and coding. Very exciting to go from zero to making a personal website over the time of the course. Enjoyed it so much that I went on to take the HTML, CSS & Web Design online course with General Assembly, which was great.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Overall thoroughly enjoyed the courses. The lecturer was engaging and Amanda was very supportive, especially as I started quite behind. I also enjoyed the guest speakers, which added a bit of real life flavour for the industry and what being a \'data scientest\' actually meant.\n\r\nOne area that could definitly improve though was the slides. When reviewing them post lecture or trying to draw on them for the final project weeks later, they had very little information that was possible to follow. I\'m not sure if this was intentional, but would have been good to have more structure to them.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took the Part-Time 10 week Product Management Course at General Assembly beginning\xa0August of 2016. The two instructors were incredible, Sherika and Jocelyn both have a deep background in Product Management (Jocelyn with tech companies and start-ups, Sherika with large private companies). Both brought so much experience to this class. The portion of the class I most enjoyed was that I gained so many different skillsets in a short period of time from user-experience design to writing and pitching my product proposal to developing roadmaps. For anyone with an entreprenurial bent or who wants to know enough to lead teams with very different goals and personalities, this is the course for you.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Disclosure: I am a GA employee but I am writing honestly.\xa0\nI took Front End Web Development (FEWD) at the NY campus in 2016. Overall I had an excellent experience.\xa0\nPros:\n-my instructor, Chandler, was awesome. So knowledgeable, very engaging up in front of the class (tough to do-- 3 hours x twice a week x 10 weeks), always available to help with projects outside of class, and also a fun guy outside of class. \xa0Our TAs were also incredibly helpful.\xa0\n-my classmates were so cool. There were a lot of designers in my class who were looking to get more technical and I loved making friends with them. Also some ppl in adtech, and some ppl with more traditional IT jobs looking to expand their skills. We went out for drinks as a class a few times and I\'ve kept in touch with some ppl professionally.\xa0\n-the space. The campus is awesome and very well located.\xa0\nCons:\n-Chandler did a great job organizing all the content so I knew where to find everything, but I think he built the website where he organized everything himself, so I don\'t think other teachers\' classes materials are as well organized.\xa0\n-I wish there had been a little more time built into class for the students to get to know each other. I think if the connections had happened earlier we could have helped each other more easily instead of just relying on Chandler.\xa0\n-The onboarding experience was pretty non-existent, though idk if i got something different bc I work at GA?\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I came to the UXD Immersive course on the back of trying to find a role in UX Design following the part time course I have completed at GA.\nIf you are serious and committed to learning and have a real passion for UX you will learn a lot; about yourself just as much as about UX Design (That goes hand in hand.. doesnt it??)\xa0\nI have nothing but positive feedback to give everyone at General Assembly Melbourne; the instructors and GA Staff have equally been helpful, professional, supportive and instilled a great \xa0depth and wealth of knowledge and experience which hopefully will now allow me to take my first steps professionally with ease.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[\nGeneral Assembly has\xa0carved a space within all-things digital marketing including strategy, brand, content, social, analytics and more with this part time course. My instructor\'s comprehensive knowledge, experience and captivating teaching style\xa0was really impressive and I\'ve recommended to friends of mine who have since enrolled in the same course.\n\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I absolutely loved my studies\xa0with general assmebly.\nI took a 10week part-time course and built a website that I\'m proud of and keep actively updating. \xa0The click through lessons were very clear and\xa0online format was made super well, and they made sure the course retained a\xa0personal\xa0aspect with\xa0dedicated one-on-one time every week with the tutor of your choide and skype lectures, which you could either join in person or watch later.\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., My experience on the London WDI course at GA was very mixed and hard to say if I would recommend it to anyone or not, and I will try my best to explain why. I shall first start off with the Pro\'s of doing the course, then get onto the Con\'s. I finished the course a few months ago so have had time to process my experience and to then see how it prepared me for the outside job hunting world.\xa0\nSo, Pro\'s:\nThe overall feel and atmosphere of the campus was really enjoyable. It has a nice little homework area where you can hang out and work after lessons and it does not feel sterile. So after a long day of coding you can move to a more relaxing state if you need. All of the staff were approachable and it had a real sense of community. I had never been in a place where I had gotten along with everyone there, and for this reason i loved GA. It thrives a relaxed learning population. Also, the social side of the GA is pretty big and there are lots of drinks involved.\nThe other main Pro is that the tutors at GA put\xa0effort into teaching you. They stay every night to help till around 10pm, then come in on the weekends to help during projects too and it never once felt like they didn\'t want to be there.\xa0\nThe other students were all lovely, which is great as GA promotes pair coding, which is great.\nI also would have to say that I did learn a lot of coding information and terms.. and I say "information and terms" as I picked up a lot of terminology, also basic structuring of websites and a basic knowledge of what certain words mean... although....\n.... Con\'s:\nI did NOT learn, in depth javascript, or other languages, which I thought was a very important thing to pick up in a three month coding course. But instead of going in depth in javascript, we skimmed that, then skimmed\xa0jQuery, then skimmed AngularJS etc etc till we had covered many different technologies, but never focused a lot on one to pick it up properly. This in tern made me aware of all these things and gave me some small understanding, but left me not understanding fully how to even write Javascript, or anything else, from scratch.\nWe were told to copy code a lot of the time, and when I would ask what parts of the code did, i just got told to copy it and I did not need to understand what it did.\xa0\nThere was not a lot of\xa0code checking and feedback of progress. Was rare that\xa0I had\xa0the tutor look through my code properly and give me feedback or in depth help. The tutor would sometimes take my laptop and do the coding for me on parts, therefor leaving me without the knowledge but with working code, this happened a lot, and it felt like I was just being given four projets to take to interviews, but was very concerned that if i got asked about the code, I could not answer the questions, as a lot of it was not my work. (also a lot of other students work from group project weeks).\nSo given the above you would think that I would\xa0not recommend, but, i think that GA messed up this one time.\nBasically our class was the biggest one, and there were too many students per tutor. Way too many to get proper help, which is proabably why i got told to copy a lot. They do not have classes this big after us i don\'t think. Also, we had a tutor that was new to teaching and did not do a good job. We would not pick up entire lessons through this reason. That tutor is no longer there. The course was trying a new structure that did not work. Our homework was not a natural flow from the work in the day, and we felt like nothing flowed and a lot of the time was confused about the structure of learning, but they have now realised what they did wrong and the newer classes seem to be working well again.\xa0\nSo, if we were just an unlucky class, and now they have less students, more time to help one on one and the structure is sorted, I would strongly recommend GA. But, this may be an up and down process, so cannot say for sure.\nI\'ll leave by saying, outcomes really do try hard to find you a job after and if you do the work they will do everything they can to help you. There is a lot of support after leaving and I was one of the lucky ones that landed a job very quickly after leaving.\nSo GA does get you work after!! As always, if you put the hard work in, no matter what, you will get there. :)\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., The UX course is excellent. It gives you the practical skills to begin a career in UX. The course covers so much, in a short time with group hands-on exercises. The support from the tutor and TAs really helps to keep you on track providing feedback and advice.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took Data Analytics last summer at General Assembly. I\'ve always been interested in working with data and it\'s always come naturally, but I haven\'t had a lot of opportunities to develop those skills in the jobs I\'ve had up until this point. I took this course so it could give me hands on -real world experience working with data, and it definetly delivered. Our instructor worked at YikYak and the TA was from a data team at Turner, so it was really interesting hearing from both how they used those tools in their daily work. I felt supported on topics that were challenging to me, and I was always able to dig deeper into areas that felt a bit easier. Now I\'m a go-to person at work if anyone ever has a question about excel, and I feel confident that I can use this experience to my advantage on my next job hunt as well.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I had the most wonderful experience with GA. Dave and Kiefer were my instructors and they were\xa0a dream team! If you come into the program thinking 3 months will make you a Data Scientist, then you need to re-adjust your expectations. For me, I have learned more than expected. I have alwlays felt that the more you know, the more you don\'t know. The course left me wanting to dive deeper and just keep going, and that is a very exciting feeling! The instructors go way beyond their duty to help because they truly care. Dave once stayed till almost 8pm to help me with scrapy. During capstone days, Kiefer spent well beyond 3,4 hours with me a day when I was\xa0behind. They are always availabe during and even after the course was over to help whenever I have questions. They follow up on my questions and provide additional materials for further study. Now I\'m a TA and get to be involved with some of the course planning. I\xa0have even more appreciation of how hard the intrustors and the entire production team work to make the course go smoothly. Staff at GA are super friendly. Outcomes was helpful but I feel we could use more partnership. That said, I got my internship through\xa0an on-site interview from GA. I have also met amazing peers in my program, some has become life-long friends. People\'s background was diverse and we support each other to learn. Since we are all adults, everyone is super motivated and that created a great environemnt.\xa0Our TA\xa0continue to hold review sessions and interview preps after the course is over. There are evening TA\'s most days of the week. Our course producer sent out many social events everyweek for people to network. We had\xa0amazing speakers come to talk during our course too for us to get industry exposure. All the resources are there. You\'ll get everything you could possibly get if you put in the effort. I feel super lucky and thankful for this experiece.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., Best decision in my life. Instructors are always helpful and genuinely want successful outcomes for each student. They provide additional/supplemental readings/materials if you are unsure about something taught in class. The instructors are industry professionals and have a deep-rooted passion which translates to a valuable resource for the students. Prepare to just do code for the whole time you are there and your life after the program. Most importantly, prepare for a new you and new family\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., The Data Science class was very good and our instructors were great.\xa0 They were extremely helpful and made themselves very available for questions and 1 on 1 time.\xa0\nThere was a ton of content.\xa0 At points it seemed like a data dump with complex math being described as python code, which\xa0can be very hard to understand for entry level coders.\xa0 I would recommend the class to anyone interested in data science, but be sure you have a strong grasp of basic python and understand what you want to get out of the class.\xa0 If not, you could easily get lost or left behind.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., The UX Design course at GA London was great! In the course of one week I learned a lot and can confidently go back to work and transition into a more permanent UX role.\nMark, our instructor and Lucy and Rihannon our TAs were great and really helpful. Even after hours they would send us links to useful websites (and still do today although the course is finished)\nI would really recommend this course if you\'re looking to learn about UX!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Want to learn Photoshop but\xa0you\'re intimidated by its overwhelming features that you just don\'t know where to start? Are you looking to increase your skill set? Are you a UX Designer who wants to have more confidence in defending your designs?\nThese were all the reasons why I took the part-time Visual Design course and it exceeded beyond my expectations.\xa0Dani, the course instructor, and Jess, her assistant,\xa0were an awesome and supportive team. They guided me on the process\xa0of creating a homepage design that I\'m proud to show to employers.\nIt\'s been almost a year and a half since I\'ve finished the course but it\'s made a big impact on my career. Before the course, I used to focus more on wireframing. Now I\'ve moved onto a job where I mostly work on the visual design and prototyping of the product. The course has increased my confidence not only as a Photoshop user but a designer as well. Another benefit is the connections you make with your peers and the instructional team. I go to Dani and Jess whenever I need design or career advice.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Before coming to General Assembly, I had little to no experience with coding. After\xa012 weeks of focus and hard work, thanks to GA, I have built a strong foundation for a career in front-end development by gaining exposure to a broad range of technologies. The intructors were fantastic. The experience they bring to the classroom taught us to think like developers \xa0by providing just enough guidance to maximize our time in the program while allowing us to struggle through obstacles the right way rather than taking shortcuts. I can honestly say I learned more during those three months than I did in college. Moreover, the outcomes team provided more than enough tools, and networking opportunities to land a job I was excited about.\xa0Make no mistake though, you will get out whatever effort you put into this course. Don\'t sign up if you\'re not ready to work hard.\nBeyond providing a hard skillset, this course inspired me to challenge myself and enjoy the learning process again. With each new project comes new puzzles to solve, and with each new language comes new obstacles to conquer and skills to master. On the whole, I\'m thrilled to be graduating with the confidence to take on the ever-changing field of web development.\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., To pad General Assembly\'s hiring statistics after you finish your immersive program, GA employs it\'s newly "educated" students to join the GA team as an Instructional Associate.\xa0\nAfter a three month drilling of a broad scope of knowledge, you\'re now going to be explaining your half-assed education to a new cohort of optimistic students. You are not going to learn the skillset of a Data Scientist in three short months. You\'ll have an idea of what it mean to be a Data Scientist, but you will be nowhere close to being a valued asset of any analytics team.\xa0\nHad I know of the GA shenanigans before I joined and finished DSI at the San Francisco Campus, I would have saved my time, money, and sanity and would have continued to grow the traditional way. Instead, a boot camp is nothing but false promises and overly idealistic beliefs. Don\'t make the same mistake.\nThis Review Is Helpful47Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Besides clearly removing negative reviews that members of my DSI cohort has written, General Assembly is the reincarnation of the likes of Devry and ITT Tech.\xa0\nFirst Warning Sign: Applying and Interviewing\xa0\nAn absolute and utter joke for an incredible math heavy and technical course.\xa0\nSecond Warning Sign: Instructors\nQuick to doubt and even quicker to shrug off. Students are not treated with respect. When youre paying an exorbitant $16,000 for a 12 week-course, you should get any assistance and help you desire. That is not the case at GA.\nFinal Warning Sign: Outcomes Team\nIndividuals who have never held a technicial position as a data analyst or data scientist are advising how, where, and why you should be applying to certain positions.\xa0\nI cannot reccommend GA to absolutely anyone. If you need a rundown on how to operate a business based on false promises and false statistics, you\'ve found the right place. There are much better and more affordable options than wasting your precious time and money at General Assembly.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful36Flag as inappropriate., Ladies better mind their p\'s and q\'s and keep your heads down. But isn\'t that always the case? I was sanctioned and told I\'m hostile for asking for help,\xa0for asking why things were structured the way they were\xa0(and I was top 3 at the head of my class). It\'s not my fault or any woman\'s fault that you feel threatened when you don\'t know as much, or get called out on it. That\'s not mine/a woman being hostile. That\'s sexism and intolerance feeling insecure and threatened by women.\nYou will notice there are around 0 women teachers (in technology). You will see they will try to tell you it\'s like 30% because design school. Not sure there are many more female staffers.\nHad to write a gender-balanced review here.\nThis Review Is Helpful19Flag as inappropriate., This is one of worst and most over-priced courses in London. I decided to take this course as it shows a solid content structure including a project development over a 10-week period, rather than the whole UK digital marketing course market, which are based on 2-day or 1-week workshop courses.\nLearning online optimization is really difficult due to you cannot monitor and expect immediate results as it is a long process and significant self-study time-investing to dominate it. So, why did I pay for a course if anyone can learn FREE surfing online?\nI said to myself “I have no time to spend exploring and learning digital skills by my own, so I need to pay for the best time-effective learning experience so\xa0I can apply knowlege efficiently & immediately”. So, I made a big effort to enroll to this course, as It has similar cost than university fees, almost 3000 pounds and over this if you take a funding option.\nWhat a disappointment!!, I feel legally scammed!!! The course is simply REALLY BAD, as It is running as it was a 1 day-workshop basis, i.e. the explanation is broadly and over-exploratory and backed-up for links to check. Therefore, What is the difference between this course and watch videos in YouTube? NOTHING, except I was so stupid to pay a lot of money for this.\nDuring a 10-week period, the course should have focused in learning quickly how to perform all minimum procedures requested to execute a digital marketing strategy, but this course does not do it because does not teach you fundamental steps to execute procedures.\nFor example, there is a SEO chapter where it must be taught things as how to perform effectively a keyword research or competitive analysis. All you have is an overview chat and a link to a 1000-page book to learn!!!! Or the Google Adwords lesson is pure theory, you never can put an Ad if you do not have a site which a previous Ad movement. So how can you learn effectively? It is the same to sit myself in a course video where I am not going to participate interactively. Poor value for money.\nThe course dynamics consists on an online pre-work (which is mostly run for a self-corrected software), a 2 x two-hour lesson per week and a weekly homework. The homework is based on the project but It is not corrected weekly, so you could have done a lot of work for nothing, as It may be wrong….this is not time-effective learning method at all.\nThe course teachers are a team: one is a field professional, another one is a class assistant and a coordinator (you will never see her/him in the course so omit her/him). I cannot criticize their professional knowledge about the study field, but they clearly did not have a good understanding of how to deliver the content syllabus of the course, making the learning experience deficient.\nThey do not revise course materials prior lessons as they just copied slides for another past course at other GA branch. Therefore, there are several contents that are not updated or simply they do not know to operate some tools indicated at the syllabus. In my opinion is an excessive relax approach to a teach a lesson, it is ok for a class to have a kind of fun environment with some music but I am not satisfied to pay to see teachers take it easy.\nThe project is another joke as there is not a project!!!!, it is only a slide presentation about how It should be developed the project!!! This is really poor as I came to the course to learn “HOW TO DO” things instead of that what I have got was “LOOK THIS IS THE LINK, LOOK THE VIDEO AND DO IT”. Hence, What do I pay if I can do and commit the same mistakes by my own?\nStay away for this course that clearly is not worthy for what is teaching, with the same money find a 1-on-1 education or pay for an internship to a professional agency, you will learn more and will have a better material for CV purposes. This course is not going to give you a real life-change career or help you how to execute a correct digital marketing to your business. IT IS THROWING YOUR MONEY TO THE TOILET!!!!\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful20Flag as inappropriate., In a world of mediocre and bad customer service these guys stand out above the rest. Called them to learn more about iOS development sessions available where the lady on the phone proceeds to try and convince me why I should be taking their web dev course instead. She than tried to setup me up with an "admissions counselor" but only reaches voicemail\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., I am in the 10 week FEWD bootcamp, with just 2 weeks to go. None of my projects or homeworks assignments have been reviewed or have any feedback posted to them. I\'ve asked my instructor a few times about it - he is always "gonna get to it tonight". Tried to see if my peers would share their past work with me, so i could see if I was on track/compare how we coded/see better ways to code the same things - but no one has \xa0responded back to me =(\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful13Flag as inappropriate., This course costs $13,500 as of this writing, and lasts roughly three months. That makes it roughly comparable to one semester at a state-run university. That’s in terms of both cost and time span. (Though regarding the time span, General Assembly is very honest when they say the course will consume your life for the duration. To continue to compare it to a traditional college, imagine a semester where every week was finals week.)\n\xa0\nSo, this isn’t like spending a few hundred dollars on an “Introduction to Web Development” course at your local community college. It’s a major commitment of time and money. Is it worth it? Here’s my analysis.\n\xa0\nWhen it comes to the course content, let’s be honest: you can get the same content free, or so cheap by comparison it might as well be free, from several web sites. GA is really offering “value added” material to the content. What are they adding?\n\xa0\nTo get a trivial one out of the way, they’re providing a physical classroom. It’s in a reasonably nice area of DC. \xa0The spaces are very “utilitarian”, nothing fancy. The classrooms are serviceable; maybe a little “cozy” if the class is full, but not too bad. They can have noise issues occasionally, if an adjacent room is boisterous, or the construction across the street is intense. The floors, annoyingly, are bare concrete. They need carpet. I mention that since I experienced the heart-stopping experience of watching my laptop drop off a desk onto the hard floor. It didn’t break, but a little carpet would have lowered my panic level.\n\xa0\nMore directly related to the course, they’re providing instructors. I found them all good to very good. I did find one to have an style that was overly laid back, but that’s a matter of taste; someone else might find him more approachable. I’m very grateful to one who was incredibly patient with me when I got behind in the class due to some health issues. \n\xa0\nTo my knowledge, they’re all self-taught, more-or-less, with some professional experience. They are not academic college professors, they’re teaching real-life programming. That’s not criticism; that’s exactly the point of the class, to teach students enough to get intro-level development jobs. If you’re looking for a deep dive into the merits of various sorting algorithms, this isn’t the place \xa0\n\xa0\nI never found the instructors lacking in knowledge. They know their material. I’m one who likes to ask probing questions in class, and they were happy to discuss them, even if they asked me to save it till after class. The class does reflect their knowledge; we only got a brief introduction to PHP, and they were honest that they all disliked it. \n\xa0\nI do take issue with some of the course content’s structure. Pretty much all of the content is on-line, in the form of a class calendar with links to the day’s material. The problem is that’s the only way to access it. I repeatedly asked for a master index, and was told it was in the works, but never got one. \n\xa0\nGA also gives you the ability to say “I completed this program”, which I assume would carry more weight with an employer than just completing a free on-line program. On the other hand, no matter how you learned web development, your own portfolio will speak the loudest. \n\xa0\nBut speaking of finding a job after class… another thing GA provides is “Outcomes” support, what might be called Job Placement Services at a typical college. This is where I have serious issues with GA.\n\nI will admit that I became contemptuous of the Outcomes process, and I let it show, much more than I should have. I’m going to try to keep this focused on systemic flaws with Outcomes, not my personal issues.\n\xa0\nRoughly a half day of each week is devoted to Outcomes. What they do varies from week to week. The best in my opinion were the guest speakers, people who work in the industry. We also got two weeks where we did site visits to companies that hire web developers. They were both to companies that might have been good places to work, but at least one has not been hiring web developers since the class ended! It’s still an interesting tour, but I think it would be more worthwhile to tour places that can say, “we expect to be hiring when your class finishes”! The Outcomes team was also somewhat arrogant in their scheduling. One site visit was scheduled for the day a major project was due. I pointed that out, and one of the Outcomes team informed me that I should schedule my time better. Pardon me, but no -- with what I’m paying for the class, they need to schedule better. \n\xa0\nThe rest of the Outcomes sessions were run by the Outcomes team themselves. There was lots of resume work, appropriately, but I feel it included an inordinate focus on a “vision statement” to put at the top of a resume. They never offered anything more than resume tweaks, students conducting mock interviews with each other, and other such things. They were also fond of surveys that were often repetitive and included questions I found silly. They’d occasionally add a little variety in the forms of “games” that would be good subjects for parodies in satires of corporate life like Dilbert or The Office. The sessions increasingly felt like a waste of time to me, and I considered “opting out” of the Outcomes process even before the end of the course. \n\xa0\nThe after course material was what led me to finally leave the Outcomes process behind. They have several requirements to continue to receive support from the Outcomes team, but I’ll just mention two. The first is to require to apply for ten jobs a week. That’s a little on the high side, in my opinion, but they also suggest the graduates be selective in where they submit resumes. No matter how much they insist otherwise, being selective and submitting ten resumes a week is contradictory. \n\xa0\nThey also initially requires graduates to come back to General Assembly once a week for Outcomes sessions, which consisted of a classroom portion, then a “small groups” session with one of the Outcomes team.. (They have dropped that requirement -- the classroom presentations are still held at GA, but are optional. Small groups can be conducted on-line, but are mandatory.)\n\xa0\nThe after-class sessions were complete wastes of time. We had two guest speakers that I can remember,. Unlike the speakers during the course, these were not worthwhile. The first was a woman who worked in recruiting for, I believe, a construction company in one of the western states, and ran a career coaching business on the side. She was a nice, pleasant speaker, but how much could she offer when the knew neither the technology industry nor the DC area? The second was a younger man with experience in junior level web development. All I remember about him was that he seemed very smug and arrogant.\n\xa0\nThe rest of the post-course sessions were more resume tweaking, mock interviews and pep talks, all of which I found a waste of time. \n\xa0\nGA also promotes their network of employers. It is nowhere near as impressive as they claim. It seems to be limited almost entirely to employers located in DC. That ignores two major high tech areas nearby -- the high tech corridor along the Dulles Toll Road in Northern Virginia, and the biotech corridor along the 270 spur in Maryland. (Despite being biotech focused, they have plenty of software work.)\n\xa0\nThey also have almost no network in the Federal sphere, either with the government agencies directly or the Federal contractor companies. I realize that many of GA’s students and alumni might view Federal work as something they’d never want to do, but ignoring Federal work in DC cuts out an extraordinary selection of jobs. It would be like ignoring the financial industry in New York City. \nUltimately, I feel GA was a waste of my time and money. The content of the course proper is worthwhile, but can be found much cheaper. The “Outcomes” support is of no use. \n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful22Flag as inappropriate., The data science immersive course at General Assembly was an awesome, mind-expanding, and super enjoyable experience. The curriculum is industry relevant and very practical, taught through both formal style lectures as well as hands on in class assignments and outside homework and capstone project. The course is definitely intense and fast-paced, you\'ll be writing code and learning all day long, so expect to work hard but have fun too!\xa0\nIn my cohort we started with learning python fundamentals and quickly learned much more advanced techniques as well as some object-oriented programming. From there, the course dives into foundational predictive modeling techniques like regression analysis and continues to build in complexity with more contemporary machine learning and big data topics. The instructors I had (David Yerrington and Kiefer Katovich) are exceptional teachers — highly experienced professionals who clearly love what they do. They were able to make very challenging topics approachable and highly engaging, motivating me to push myself outside my comfort zone and learn way more than I had ever expected in only three\xa0short months. I also can’t stress enough how much I learned from my fellow classmates, even if it was just learning from their mistakes! But real talk: Data Science is a broad field so you won’t learn everything\xa0but trying to emulate this kind of immersive learning environment by teaching yourself on your own or through a MOOC will be extremely difficult, if not impossible.\nIn terms of career support, even as a seasoned professional any job search has it\'s challenges. GA does a decent job of helping you with your resume, job search strategy, and some interview prep but at the end of the day it’s up to you to find a job you’ll be happy with. Having said that, since completing the course I have had several recruiters reach out to me completely unsolicited regarding analyst and data science positions. My capstone project also got me noticed by an awesome non-profit organization (that uses machine learning to prevent deforestation and poaching in tropical rainforest!) and I’ve recently started working with them as a part-time consultant.\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., I highly recommend UXD course I took in General Assembly. The school is very professional so staying there was a really nice experience.\nFrom the e-mail contact with TJ, providing information, organization and experienced team of instructors and mentors to the end of the course I was impressed how they were prepared. I met passionated people there. The school is open until 10 pm, which I found very helpful. I could stay there everyday and finish my projects. They have a huge lounge room where many of the students can chill, do their homework and chat. There you can eat your lunch, drink coffee etc.\xa0\n\nI also have to say that the course is very intensive, but I felt very comfortable at the same time. The advice, additional materials, videos etc. - everything was exactly on time :) I am going to take next course in GA, because it will save my time and shorten preparation. After this course you will have at least one completed presentation of your ux design process which you can add directly to your portfolio. They also can help you with resume and staff.\n\nThese people are very passionate about what they do and I would recommend their courses to anyone who is looking for new skills from people who are really supportive. This course triggered to open my mind, see perspectives and aims.\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., I\'m leaving this review for anyone considering the Android Development Immersive. I don\'t know much about the other courses offered by GA\xa0except that if you want the highest chance of getting a job you should take the Web Development Immersive for reasons I\'ll explain later in this review.\nAs things are now, if you really want to take this course\xa0and are able to comprehend a very basic amount of html for the code challenge required before your interview you will be admitted. Honestly, if you are willing to get a loan or pay for this course you are obviously serious about learning this skill. I came into the program with very basic prior experience in mobile development and the coding languages used. This would be my recommendation for others\xa0considering I am one of the two\xa0students out of five in the class that has a job\xa0100+ days after graduation. The other student with a job also had some prior experience with Java, which is the main language used for Android development. They will let you into the course without any prior knowledge and suggest that you take a Java primer before starting, but I would think hard about going through an online course beforehand. There are so many free resources out there, there\'s really no reason not to learn as much of the\xa0basics as you can before you start to this expensive course.\nOne of the biggest obstacles to learning to develop software is getting over the hurdles of beginning to learn a new language. I went through all the hair-pulling beforehand of just wrapping my head around coding languages and object-oriented programming structures. You don\'t want to have this struggle coupled with the logic learning and architecture you have to learn as well during the course. Having some prior knowledge\xa0allowed me to consume the course material at it\'s very fast and condensed pace.\nThe course material itself is still being perfected and tested at the time of this review, but that does not mean it is not effective. I have been able to secure a position at a large and growing development company that handles apps for clients with 10+ million\xa0user bases. I count myself very lucky, and I have worked very hard during the 12-week course and the 100 or so days after that it took me to get hired.\nWhat really helped in regards to the actual course material was having two amazing instructors. GA hires professionals who have proven themselves in their field and this really allows for practical, real-world-applicable\xa0learning that is hard to get in a college classroom. These instructors know the ins-and-outs of the industry and the resources you need to always be up-to-speed on what\'s happening in the developer community.\nGA also has a well-developed structure and connections to get you involved in the community (at least at the Austin location) which is another major reason the program was effective.\nAfter the course, we were given job assistance, but since the ADI is so new, GA is still working on solidifying relationships with companies that need Android developers. As I alluded earlier, this is one of the reasons WDI students get jobs so quickly and at high percentages (the WDI program has been around much longer and GA has much deeper roots with companies in this field). Don\'t let this deter you too much though, because the job hunt really is on you and GA didn\'t completely leave us hanging. To further our education, GA set up each student\xa0with\xa0mentors (in our case two\xa0each because of our small class size) who are\xa0senior developers at major companies in Austin. This is how I got connected with my current job and gained some very important insight into becoming a professional and contributing developer. Use the mentor program as much as you can. This is how you raise your skill level exponentially after graduation and can compete against others with years of experience.\nIt is possible to succeed with this program,\xa0and you can do it if you really want it. It\'s all on you\xa0though, and of course nothing is guaranteed. But GA is good about doing their best to give you what you need to succeed. Many people take their courses for a reason, just be prepared to work very hard for it.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., I took the data science immersive 12-week bootcamp during my work sabbatical in SF. It\'s a combination of programming statistics, problem solving, and modeling. Class size can vary from 15-22 students for roughly 3 full time instructors, with additional late-night support from teaching assistants. The students had college to 9+ year\xa0backgrounds.\nInstructors: the SF instructors all have had multiple years of\xa0experience in PhD level research, tech startups or\xa0data science companies. Our instructors lead the bootcamp\xa0for the love of teaching, and to take a break from doing startup work. They were excellent! They taught the standard 40 hours of class, and made extra time to assist students outside of class, or grab a quick meal afterwards. They covered the standard materials + because of our class\' interest: elective lectures on reinforcement learning, neural networks, image recognition,\xa0advanced NLP. They were open to feedback, and tailored the class to ensure that everyone was learning, with some one-on-one sessions as needed. I enjoyed all the instructors, found their lessons to be engaging, and that there was a good cycle of lecture, labs, homework, gameshow-like review and open group discussions. My instructors were Dave and Kiefer, hilarious guys, super-approachable, and always eager to help in and out of the classroom.\nTeaching Approach:\xa0The course and teacher philosophy is to teach theory and have a real-life hands-on examples for each of the lectures. The main product from taking this course, (or any of the Metis / Galvanize courses) is a extended Capstone project. Day-to-day\xa0there\'s about 4-5 hours of lecture, and the remaining time is interactive labs / in-class projects. Each week there was a "take-home" project to complete that covered the previous week\'s content. Near week 10 / 11, the take-home projects end, and the focus is on each student developing their own capstone the lectures turn into topics of interest, and there\'s heavy project Q+A assistance.\nContent :\xa0\xa0This is not primarily a CS 101 course. I would recommend people to study some introduction to python classes (also offered by GA) before taking this immersive, trying to learn CS 101 at the same time as statistical methods can be taxing. Any exposure to data analysis (excel) will be immensely helpful.\nThe course was only 1 week on python review, and then the class dived into understanding statistical topics and methods, statistical interpretation, and general data-science problem-solving approaches. Data science is a dense subject. I loved the class, it covered more topics than i expected, but I recommend this course as a great\xa0core course for statistical analysis, but a "starter" course for advanced machine learning techniques such as neural networks, reinforcement learning, image recognition, and natural language processing. While these were covered in class, each of these topics are so deep that each\xa0could have been its own multi-week course.\nPacing: this isnt\' GA specific but all bootcamps/immersives: it\'s a full-time commitment. It\'s 40 hours of classroom, then take home projects, and then the large capstone project at the second half of the class. It\'s a LOT of content in a short amount of time. I would also set any students expectation that learning that much for 12 weeks is a lot. Be prepared to take notes/archive/log\xa0everything you absorb so you can review the material after the course is over.\xa0\nCommunity:\xa0From my cohort, and my friends cohort, one of the strongest aspects of GA\'s immersive is the community. The class diversity was great. My class of 22 was closely knit,\xa0still keep in touch, and\xa0contributed throughout\xa0from our diverse backgrounds in\xa0econometrics, finance, bio research, or tech. Anyone can sit through an 12-week online-video course at home, but you would miss out on having 22 other people for study groups, conference groups,\xa0projects partners, happy hour buddies, and\xa0so much peer-to-peer help.\xa0It has been invaluable. I believe the GA brand as well as the screening process has been good at recruiting motivated,\xa0collaborative, and eager learners.\nConclusion:\xa0Overall I really enjoyed the course, would recommend to anyone interested in expanding their data-analysis toolset beyond the SQL / Excel / \xa0python / math/ computer science\xa0experience.\xa0This course will explain the core concepts for statistical analysis, and set a good path forward for advanced machine learning. General Assembly has some great instructors, and a great community. This class is great at equipping students and enhancing skill sets, to pivot into data analytics,\xa0but not going to be a silver bullet to immediately get a job as a experienced data scientist. The content is too deep and complex for that\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., Background about myself:\n- Recently graduated with a BS in Computer Science\n- Part of DSI-SF-2\n- Took this course to be able to pursue a career that incorporates data.\nOverall Experience:\nIn terms of the material, I had a great experience learning and understanding the vast machine learning models and AWS products. Initially the pace of the class was a little slow; however, after week 2 it started ramping up. Both the instructors (Dave & Kiefer) are skilled in the material and are willing to put extra effort to make sure everyone understands the material. In terms of job assistance, more time could be put into the different industries and the concentrations of Data Scientist. DSI is still a new program and I\'m sure the job assistance will be better as the cohorts continue.\nAfter Graduation:\nGA is known for their sense of community during and after the course. Most of my classmates would meet up to work on homework, attend conferences, and practice common interview questions. With the help and support of my career coach, instructors, and classmates, I was able to find a Data Engineer position that allows me to use the skills learned both in my degree and this program.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., First off a bit of background on me by which to use to judge my assessment:\n\n\nI came into the program with 10 years of work experience in data analytics/BI roles in financial services. I enjoyed the more technical bits of my job and had dabbled with machine learning in my free time and wanted to pursue a career where these would be my primary focus. I decided a boot camp would be the best way to upgrade these skills in a hurry. \n\n\nI was in the 2nd DSI cohort in San Francisco\n\n\nI am the instructional assistant for the 4th cohort\n\n\nInstructors\nThe instructors for my cohort were David Yerrington and Kiefer Katovich. I found Dave and Kiefer to\xa0complement each other well with Kiefer coming from an academic background with strengths in\xa0statistics and experimental design and Dave’s experience being from industry with a heavy focus on recommender systems and engineering/big data. I felt that collectively they were very strong in all of the material covered in class and had the work experience to provide context for all of the models that were covered. Both instructors were receptive to feedback and were good about making themselves available and tailoring the class to meet the students needs (adjusting pace, adding time for additional reviews, and making themselves available after hours, etc)\nCurriculum\nOverall I felt the curriculum was pretty strong. You cover the full data science gamut all the way from collecting and cleaning data to building and evaluating a number of different types of models and everything inbetween. The class covers the basics of python,\xa0statistics, and linear algebra\xa0that are the underpinning of machine learning models as well. Towards the end of class you get exposure to some of the big data technologies used in industry. Both instructors took care to explain the intuition and practical application between all of the models with an emphasis on providing examples and visualizations to really drive new concepts home. For those looking for the mathematical proofs this was usually left as supplemental material in the appendix of lessons. All and all I believe that the class gave me an excellent foundation in the entire data science process by which to build on in my career. \nJob Assistance\nThis is the one area that GA needs to place some extra focus on in regards to the data science program. To be clear I have found the career coaches to be incredibly supportive and responsive. Similar to what they’ve done in the user experience and web development spaces GA needs to grow their data science network. This will help to provide a more natural pipeline for both networking opportunities for students as well as job opportunities. I’m sure this will improve with time but I would really like to see growth in this regard. \nOverall\nI’ve seen some reviews saying that this class is not a silver bullet, by which you spend 3 months and you’re set for a brand new data science role, especially with no relevant experience beforehand. I believe that is 100% accurate. I would recommend this class to anyone that either A) has a solid stats/math background, B) has a computer programming background, or C) is a SQL ninja doing data analytics currently. I believe that anyone that has at least a couple years with any of these under their belt would benefit from this program and could use it to accelerate their career. If you’re coming in totally cold I would recommend spending the better part of 3-6 months building up a foundation in linear algebra, stats, and programming beforehand. It’s just not realistic to pick this up from scratch in 3 months. This class should be a bullet point on a resume, not your entire resume.\xa0\nOverall I was very happy with the program. I felt that the class gave me a very strong foundation that will serve me well as I continue to learn and grow in my career. Is there room for improvement in the program? Absolutely, as would be expected for a relatively new program. That said I feel the staff is very good about collecting feedback and iterating the program and continually refining and improving.\xa0All and all I would say if you\'re a person that has a quantitative and technical bent and is curious this is a great program for fast tracking your move into data science.\nThe last thing I\'ll mention is that there is a strong push to build a sense of community within GA and the cohort. I can\'t tell you how valuable I found this during the class and after. You would see the benefits of this manifest in a number of ways including: students forming study groups to work through labs and homework, team happy hours after class, groups going to networking events including conferences and meetups together, and even having study sessions and interview prep whiteboarding practice together. I will say that this is one of the\xa0things that sets apart a bootcamp like this from learning online from a MOOC. I know that in the years to come I will be tapping into this network that I have built out during my time at GA.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate.]', '[After researching different coding bootcamps, I settled on GA due to their flexible curriculum, job support and mainly due to my experience interviewing with them. They have a relaxed, nurting culture on campus that extends to all students and makes you instantly feel like part of the GA family.\nMy time spent doing the Web Development Immersive was simulataneously inspiring, stressful, life-changing and crazy. The course structure is very flexible, allowing for changes in the ever-changing web development landscape and the instructors are the most inspiring, knowledgable, personable people I\'ve come into contact with. The amount you cover in such a short space of time is truly outstanding and, as long as you put in the work, you will leave feeling you can actually code!\xa0\nAfter graduation and with the support of the team I was able to secure my dream job within six weeks. It felt like a big risk to leave a full-time role and take this on but I can say it was completely worth it!\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., The immersive course was an incredibly rewarding experience. It\'s an intense programme that not only teaches a range of coding languages but moreover the ability to learn. I never thought that I could absorb so much information in such a short space of time.\nThe experience would not have been the same without the fantastic GA community and their continuing support. I have had the pleasure to learn and grow with a wonderful cohort and I have made friends for life.\nCoding has fuelled my love for design, something that my previous\xa0career in Accounting\xa0lacked. Now I\'m excited to pursue full stack\xa0developer roles, GA have been activley supporting my job search as part of the\xa0Outcomes programme with regular events and 1-1 meetings. My time at GA has truly exceeded all expectations!\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I just graduated from the WDI at GA in Melbourne. It\'s a very fast-moving course designed to push you to your learning and making limits. WDI is not for the faint-hearted. The nature of the\xa0bootcamp is sink or swim – you really have no choice but to swim. You\'re forced to keep up with new concepts, theories and frameworks and it\'s really good and difficult. That\'s why you\'re there – to learn.\n\r\nThe course instructors were\xa0qualified, approachable and encouraged us to solve the problems first. They were careful not to give away too much because part of learning is doing and finding solutions for yourself. That\'s what will make you a good developer. Of course, a lot of tips and short cuts were shared.\n\r\nGA Melbourne staff were really friendly and supportive. Our course producer was very meticulous and ensured all our needs were met and\xa0support was always there when where we needed it – especially with any learning difficulties and/or career counselling. The outcomes program is quite solid with very practical advice on job searching and personal branding. We also went to see three work environments - a start-up, digital agency and product company, which were exciting windows into industry and what\'s to come.\xa0\n\r\nOverall, WDI at GA Melbourne\xa0was a fantastic experience. I would highly recommend it.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., For Background: After 3 years working in a finance and tech-ish field where I worked closely with (but didn\'t understand) the tech team, I decided to try to learn to code.\nThe Search: I probably didn\'t vet as many bootcamps as most do. Having seriously looked at two other courses, I decided GA had the more wholistic experience without being well over my head. Once I\'d decided on GA, I came very close to choosing UX but I really wanted a hard skill and was worried UX didn\'t provide the deep problem sovling I thought Dev would.\nThe Program: The 12 longest weeks of my life, in the absolute best way. Truly, I didn\'t belive the human brain was capible of learning that much. Advice I would have taken if I did it all over again. 1.) Go to EVERY office hour. You\'re paying a lot for this course and the instructors are all amazing, kind, and smart\xa0people who are all gifted in teaching others- stick around and talk to them. 2.) Code all but one day a week. There were weekends where I didn\'t touch code at all and others where I coded throughout- try to find a balance that\'s healthy but keeps you immerced. 3.) Do. The. Homework. It\'s not for anyone but you, the feedback you get is UBER helpful and you might want to refrence it in months to follow the program. It\'ll let you know what you\'re struggling with when the instructor isn\'t holding your hand in a code-along. 4.) Enjoy it- You\'re doing an amazing thing for yourself! It\'s super stressful, but don\'t forget that this is a life-long learning career so if you don\'t get something you have a lot of time post-course to understand and\xa0there\'s a decent chance no one else understands either (no matter how alone you feel). 5.) If you can\'t tell from above, you\'re going to be (should be) investing all of your time here. Prepare for a 12 week intermision from your normal life.\nAfter Graduating: This is the roller coaster no one really prepares you for. You\'ll go through all of the ups and downs you did while in the course but you\'ll feel more alone. Cannot emphasize how important it is to KEEP CODING and go to a meetup ever week or so. Meet up with GA friends, software devs you know and read blogs to stay up-to-date on stuff. I applied to quite a few jobs and my success rate was stagaringly low; this is just the numbers game. Try to remember there are a lot of variables in the hiring process (timing, funding, who\'s currently on the team, luck) so keep in mind that you are employable and that it just takes time.\nSummary: Beyond glad I took this leap- I think it\'s the hardest thing I\'ve ever done and I feel proud to have finished and endlessly grateful to be a part of the General Assebly family!\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., I recently (as in a week ago) graduated from General Assembly Austin\'s Web Development Immersive and am over the moon with my whole experience. You can read my mushy love letter to them on medium here:\xa0https://medium.com/@bryonymc/a-love-letter-to-my-programming-school-d8cd2f9332bf#.dxdl24xeb\nbut to highlight some key points for future bootcampers to help you with your search:\xa0\nFind a\xa0school that embodies the environment you aim to work in post-graduation. \nLike follows like, and if you want to work at an open, accepting company with a work hard, play hard\xa0mentality, than you should find programs that match that culture. During my search I found a few schools that seemed great on paper, but all their photos showed a bunch of men staring at screens in a sad cramped office...why? Despite a fluke* of being the only woman in my cohort, I still found that the type of people drawn to GA are more diverse, more open-minded and creative, and therefore more supportive - which is what you want when you\'re halfway through the course and rethinking all your life choices.\xa0\n*Special Note: for women interested in bootcamps I strongly recommend GA - it really was a fluke that I was the only woman in my cohort. All the other cohorts, past and present, have\xa0women (although it is representative of the ratio of women to men in tech, but that\'s not a reflection of the school, rather an issue with the industry). \xa0\nDon\'t underestimate the importance of complementary portions of the program. \n(1) Coding 24/7 doesn\'t = fancy new job post-grad. It takes a considerable amount of work to get a job in the tech industry so don\'t assume tech credentials is a bypass for all the other parts of the application/interview process. The only way to get those fun, slide-in-the-lobby cultures is to hire cool, fun people - which you won\'t be if you code 24/7. GA does an excellent job of encouraging (or insisting, for those who need tough love) to go to meetups, go to happy hours, network, connect, make friends... aka, be a human.\xa0\n(2) Make sure your school actually takes Career coaching seriously (GA calls it Outcomes). Some schools might give face to the topic but don\'t actually factor it in as an important part of the program. At GA we met with our Outcomes Coach\xa0(GA hires a full-time person to take on this role, another sign they take it seriously) once a week for deep-dive sessions on relevant topics for improving our opportunities post-grad from networking and\xa0resume/portfolio building to\xa0developing a personal brand and more. These are important "soft" skills to understand and practice regardless of what industry you are in. Even\xa0better, GA\'s coach remains available to you\xa0post-grad to continue helping you until you get the job you want.\xa0(Shout out to our awesome GA coach Nicole, you da best!)\xa0\n*Special note: I had a different idea of what I wanted to do for my career post-grad and rather than shutting down my hopes and dreams, Nicole and GA were supportive of my goals and helped tailor the curriculum to meet my objectives. Personalized learning is the hallmark of a great school!\xa0\nResearch your instructors backgrounds.\xa0\nYou want instructors who understand current trends in the industry. Work experience in the industry is vitally important (they\'ve been on the frontlines), but also making sure they understand that the tech industry changes every day...so the languages they programmed in a year ago are no longer relevant. There are people, in every industry, who try to insist that the knowledge they have is still important, despite it gradually becoming obselete. You don\'t want these people as your instructors - they won\'t teach you the skills or languages you need to be current with today\'s jobs. At GA they are all about updating the curriculum to match current/future trends (for example, my cohort spent two weeks on React, whereas the group before spent more time on Ruby, and the next one is learning Python). You want a school that adapts and grows with the industry, and instructors who can do the same (happily, not begrudgingly). I had two bad-ass teachers (shoutout\xa0to Riley and Britney Jo!) who loved learning new skills and definitely imparted that passion for keeping up with current trends\xa0to our class as a vital method for staying relevant in a fast-paced industry.\xa0\nThe staff at GA Austin is also awesome and provided that external support in hosting happy hours and fun opportunities for bonding (friends-giving!\xa0halloween party! oh my!). GA Austin is housed in WeWork which also gets a shoutout for providing an atmosphere conducive to learning - very open, relaxed and friendly.\xa0\nIf you read this far, thanks! Best of luck in your search and future career in tech!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., My time at GA has been amazing (not to be confused with easy). I came here because I wanted to find a career that would challenge me, and continue to challenge me. It has certanily delivered. GA gave me the opportunity to learn a set of skills that are marketable, but it has also given me a support system. My instructors are my friends, my classmates are my friends, and the alumni\xa0are my friends. I was blown away when I realized that, even though I\'ve graduated, I can\xa0still be an active part of the GA world.\xa0My job assistance help has been phenominal, as well. I simply can\'t understand how one woman is able to assist so many people at one time, but she does it. And the help she offers is catered to each individual - it must be magic. To sum it up, my experience has been very challenging, but I have never been without support and encouragement. I haven\'t been handed anything, but rather, shown that I can do it myself with hard work and determination.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The Web Development Immersive at General Assembly SF\xa0was a life-changing experience for me, and really what I needed to make my dream become a reality. To begin with, the space is beautiful and conducive to creativity. The instructors and other staff were always extremely kind and helpful. The curriculum was in-depth, expansive, and pragmatic. We covered core material through the full-stack and also gained valuable knowledge in the interview process, data-structures/algorithms, teamwork, documentation, etc. GA\'s positive\xa0atmosphere attracts great students that I am most glad I had the chance to work with.\xa0\nI think the WDI at GA was such a good fit for me because of the preparation I had done before looking into it. I had already been teaching myself the fundamentals of programming and front-end web development beforehand. The course moves fast; the prior knowledge made it manageable for me to pick up new things quickly, debug on my own, and taught me where to look when I got stuck. Also before GA, I was meeting with people in the field to build a strong network I could reach out to when I finally did have the necessary skills. Through this, I was able to get interviews right after graduation from GA and was hired in a software developer position\xa0within a few weeks. However, without our WDI lessons on interviewing, using new libraries, and take-home coding challenges ---- I doubt I would\xa0have performed well!\nIf you are looking into bootcamps, I would highly suggest GA. But, I think (pretty much for all bootcamps) you should definitely take a lot of time teaching yourself first; there\'s lots of free online resources (I\'d recommend Udacity courses). For a beginner, I\'d say before applying to GA ---- a consistent 20hrs a week\xa0of learning on your own for 3-4 months\xa0can do wonders for your experience. During that time you can also read up on the field, go to lots of meetups, and grab coffee with people in jobs you\'re interested in. Regardless though, GA has strong curriculum, amazing instructors, and a dedicated outcomes (jobs) team. If you are just beginning to code, you will still have lots of assistance with the lessons and career development throughout the course. However, the more prepared you are coming in ---- the more exponentially your skills can grow, and the faster you can achieve your dream.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., \xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\nMy company signed me up for this course so that I could pick up some SQL and Tableau skills, but I think I went in knowing more than the instructor already.\nShe had never even done a read through of the course ppt, and was surprised at things that would come up. She was unsure how to problem solve even small issues that came along, and if you asked her anything that wasn\'t right there on the screen she would tell you to just google it.\xa0\nFurther the administration is poorly run, and took 4 months to return my deposit, and only did so after I chased over 5 times.\nMy company is looking to train more people in Tableau and the one thing I tell them is to NEVER send anyone to GA.\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., I decided on a career change in my early 30s when I was unhappy with my career in the medical field. I had done some simple HTML and CSS in the past, and so I decided to take General Assembly\'s part-time Front-End Web Development night class while I was working full time.\xa0 Though it was a difficult schedule, I am glad I decided to ease myself into learning the basics of Javascript, HTML and CSS at the time. I decided to quit my job a month later and begin the Web Development Immersive course, a full-time intensive bootcamp that lasts about three months. I took out a private loan and several credit cards in order to finance my studies and life for that period of time. There\'s a reason they call it a "bootcamp" - it is very difficult, time-consuming, and fast-paced!\xa0 I was prepared for all of these things, and I found General Assembly\'s community really helpful if I encountered any difficulties along the way.\xa0 Fellow students were open, kind and encouraging. Teachers were AMAZING - incredibly knowledgeable, supportive and genuinely nice people. The curriculum was well-formed and organized, and I was lucky to have the same organized, knowledgeable and helpful course producer (Mercedes) from my part-time Front-End course.\xa0 I felt that the outcomes (how to get a job after the course) was well organized and catered to most of the students who didn\'t have any experience with things like writing a technical resume and making yourself look like an excellent candidate on LinkedIn.\nYou will get out what you put in. I studied 7 days a week and used many outside resources (both online and buying books on JavaScript) to help me get the in-depth knowledge I knew I\'d need to show that I was competent enough to be an entry-level software developer.\xa0 After graduating, I realized what benefited me most by taking the course was the group projects. When learning programming on your own, it\'s rare to be able to work on a team on GitHub or to use git to the extent you do in the real world. GA\'s procedure of making everyone learn how to work together on a development project introduced me to how I\'d be working and interacting with future coworkers.\xa0 It took me approximately 75 days after graduating to get my first contract, and I got my second contract a week after that!\xa0 I landed at that second job and I\'ve been working there for three months now and I absolutely love it.\xa0\nThe job hunt:\xa0 It is stressful, it\'s hard. The days and weeks after graduation are even more difficult and grueling than the actual bootcamp. I applied for literally hundreds of jobs, contacted so many hiring managers and lead software developers on LinkedIn and other places, and I received so many rejections - too many to count! But, I stuck with GA\'s Outcomes planning and documented everything I did and took advantage of all of the after-graduation meet-ups, talks, etc, to ensure I was networking to the fullest extent.\xa0 In addition, I was always on a new project. I refactored my first GA project, and then moved on to teach myself new JavaScript frameworks on my own.\nFor me, it was a sacrifice of time and finances, but I feel I used the resources GA made available to every student to the greatest extent I possibly could and that made all the difference and my life is entirely different and 100% better than it was just a year ago!\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., I took the full time product management immersve and it was a great jumping off point for my career in product. Getting a PM role can be very difficult but under the guidance of my instructors, who were season product people themselve,\xa0I landed a role six weeks after graduation. This is not to say that I got the role easily. Working hard in the course and getting prepped for job hunting with the resources at GA was key.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., This program was\xa0a major financial setback. The price you pay does not match the quality you pay for. There is no set curriculum for each class, I\'ve sat in on an instructor meeting and they typically create it 2-3 weeks before the class launch. This causes a lot of unexpected errors to go in class and makes the whole experience lackluster.\xa0\nA lot of the instructors are past students who "know" the curriculum enough to teach it. The presentation of core concepts and fundaments was random. I did not feel like each class connected nor did I feel like my skills were developing throughout the 12 weeks.\xa0\nThis did not feel like a classroom but more of a "hangout" spot. GA does a good job dressing up their facilities and portraying their environment as "trendy/hip/techy". Although I did build good relationships with the people around me. Mostly because we all had common feelings about how GA was a waste of time.\nThere were happy hours and hot UX/UI girls walking around all the time, but that\'s pretty much it.\xa0\nYou\'re giving a lot of false hope about becoming a developer from 12 weeks of irrelevant training. The saddest day for me was our Demo Day (graduation day) - there was so much promise of this being the big day for students to present to potential employers. Nope not even one, it was all students.. parents.. instructors..\xa0That point I knew I had took a huge financial burden, yielding nothing but bits and pieces of knowledge.\nWhile I was applying to jobs I was laughed at by every employer. I was not prepared to handle the truth. It took me time to actually develop some skill, but that was all on my own from using resources like udemy/treehouse/lynda.\nThis is my honest experience at GA, you guys are just another venture backed start up racking up the dollars from the rest of the world.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful66Flag as inappropriate., I decided to take the class after I was struggling to learn JS by myself. I needed some kind of structure to force me to be more serious about learning the language. I then decided to take this class. I couldn\'t have been happier to made that decision.\nFrom the first day to the last, the class content was very engaging and practical. That is the key aspect of any educational program now: to teach you something that you can start using or be close to using as soon as you walk out of class. Avand Amiri, our instructor, was probably one of\xa0the best instructors I\'ve had in my entire life. He was easygoing, clear in the way he taught, and always bringing his previous experiences with the ways he had used the concepts in the past (box-sizing, flexbox, stylesheets, functions, etc.). Every class I came out knowing something new and something that I could go back home to experiment with.\nIf you are on the fence on whether to take a class or not you should go for it. Investing 6 hours for ten weeks will go a loooong way in helping you learn the most important language of the future: programming.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate.]', '[General Assembly was an incredible place to kickstart my digital marketing career.\xa0 I came from a start-up background where all aspects of digital marketing were more or less "self-taught."\xa0 So it was the right place to learn the latest real-world concepts and trends, and actually put them into action with colleages with really diverse experience.\xa0\nKeep in mind, DM is such a broad skillset, and the course is a good way to get an OVERVIEW and understanding of digital marketing.\xa0 I recommend it for people who want to know "what\'s out there/where to go next" as opposed to people who\'ve already worked in the industry a couple years.\xa0\xa0\nBut overall, it\'s a great experience, and everyone\'s super welcome to an exchange of ideas and resources.\xa0 I took the DM course in Los Angeles, and then became an instructional associate when I moved to San Francisco a year later.\xa0 You\'ll always get what you put into it--do the work, ask for help, get involved.\xa0 It\'s worth it!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I thoroughly enjoyed the above course. It was very intense but by the end of the week I was so motivated and enspired. I learnt so many new things and got some great ideas for generating leads. It was the first time the course had been run over a week. It was full on but really effective. The teachers were always available to assist me at any time. I have now taken on new ideas for our website and analytics and adwords.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I had such a great week building up my UX Design skills. The content was all industry based which means that I can apply it all to real life work and situations. It was great to have a class size of only 13 people which I think is optimal for being able to create a good classroom dynamic, and the avaliability of two instructors (who created a wonderful working environment and enhanced the ability to share ideas) was also really helpful. Feedback was always taken on board, and students were able to contribute to the direction of the class.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., An intense 10 weeks but very rewarding. I\xa0recommend people with design/graphics backgrounds who want to expand their tool kit if they\'re looking for a new career change with transferable\xa0skills. A great environment for learning with solid instructors and support from the GA Team.\nThis Review Is Helpful10Flag as inappropriate., I loved it.\nFor me, it was worth the investment for 3 main reasons: 1) I got to cut my teeth on heaps of new skills and techniques in a great learning environment.\xa02) I gained 600 hours of experience honing a UX arsenal\xa0and got a taste of what living and breathing design is like in the real world. 3) I bought into an amazing network in Melbourne.\xa0And not only\xa0my classmates and fellow GA alumni, but the 50+ industry people I met throughout the course, many of whom I\xa0now work\xa0with.\xa0\nThat being said, you will get out of this course what you put in. My 600 hours came from 20 hours outside class per week. And through it all,\xa0I was able to ask questions, make mistakes, share ideas, and learn exponentially about the world of UX design.\nIt took me 48 days to get a full-time job offer after the Meet & Greet networking event following the course, and I had support from GA the whole time. I even had several spontaneous meetings with potential employers just from working on campus after the course.\xa0\nI\'ve cut pages out of this review, because I could go on and on about\xa0my great experience in UXDI6.\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I went back to university\xa0and\xa0took a couple of coding subjects after deciding I wanted a career change. I really liked the content of my course\xa0but wanted to learn in a more intensive setting. A friend recommended GA and\xa0I saw the WDI\xa0course lined up well with the summer holidays, so I decided to give it a go. The WDI is the best thing I have ever done for myself. My classmates and I\xa0coded 5 days a week for 12 weeks and learned the fundamentals of full-stack web developement. We\xa0worked on individual and group projects, and built a portfolio to help with our job searches.\xa0Since finishing I have been coding as a freelancer\xa0and recently secured a permanent\xa0position as a junior developer. I really can\'t recommend GA highly enough!\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., To give you a glimpse into my journey, I was years removed from college, working service industry jobs with only a small amount of graphic design internships under my belt. I was seriously lacking in the skills and needed a major turn-around. I began to turn my attention to user experience design in an attempt to carve a different path, while also recognizing that it would be an\xa0appropriate move that supported my current skills.\nThe instructors and\xa0the\xa0other students\xa0(if that\'s the appropriate term)\xa0in my cohort were top class. It was a great way to get hands-on and very collaborative. A truly immersive experience. They provided us with the means to get the experience we needed. The way that I look at is this: General Assembly only benefits me if I get a job. Luckily, I got a job. So, yes, it worked. I have so much thanks to Nicole (outcomes career coach)\xa0and Katy (partnerships lead) because they were the ones that referred me to my current job. Who knows where I\'ll\xa0be in the long run, but GA was the stepping stone that gave me\xa0the boost I needed--and we all know that first big step is the hardest one to take.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., The course was very intensive (as promised) and you did find yourself running on a treadmill at 21 speed level, hanging on for dear life, but that was only the first few lessons for the 1 week accelerated course. It was amazing how by the third session everything just...fell into place and the clouds parted - it all just, made sense.\xa0\nThe instructors were experienced and well knowledged. The mix of students and experience just topped off all the learnings\nStaff were super helpful , friendly and the venue was bright and welcoming.\xa0\nSo glad I did the course and valudated my work experience with it. Signing up for\xa0more courses soon.\xa0\nThanks guys\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I was a classic case of finishing a Uni degree and still had no idea what to do. I love technology and fast pace learning, so GA was perfect for me. A few weeks after graduation I started the WDI immersive course.\nBecause I chose to do it over the summer, I really lucked out, with a small class that I had a great time with, 2 great instructors,\xa0and a personal connection with all the staff that seemed to really care about your outcome.\xa0\nThe course taught me a lot about coding and development, but in a way that taught me to enjoy and learn about the industry, which is the most important skill in the fast paced tech world these days. When I finished, I was so confident that I could accomplish something and my career tradjectory, for the first time in my life, actually existed.\nI now have a great job that I love, but what is more important is that I have a career that I love and am very excited about where it can take me. Everything about it excites me, and GA help me get there.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., TL;DR - it was truly a transformative experience and I am very glad I took the WDI course at General Assembly.\xa0\nFor those of you wanting details...\nAfter working in the tech industry in non-technical positions, I finally decided to take the leap and began codeschool at General Assembly.\xa0\nThough in the industry, I myself lacked any real technical knowledge outside of some CSS selectors and some regex. So, like the naive caterpillar I was, I entered the GA cocoon and 12 weeks later, emerged a beautiful technical butterfly.\xa0\nDon\'t get me wrong, those 12 weeks of class are intense and stressful, long long long days and a touch of being overwhelmed. But once you land that job and start a new career that you enjoy, the pain fades quickly and you\'re left with a badass new skillset and a FANTASTIC community. The folks at GA are simply A+ humans and I\'m happy that they\'re in my life.\xa0\nI think the biggest thing to understand is that you\'ll get out of this experience what you put into it. If you want to be a developer, you\'re going to not only have to bust your ass in class, but you\'ll also need to be working on developing those skills outside of class. You have to learn to teach yourself and learn to stretch and grow constantly. You\'re not going to learn everything you need to know in 12 short weeks, but you\'ll establish a really solid foundation to continue learning with.\xa0\nI think the other thing worth noting is that you don\'t have to be a developer if you take this class. In my current role, I am a basically a technical consultant for clients implementing our product. I don\'t write a lot of code, but I read code and debug code and solve complicated issues every day, and I love it. There are a lot of different paths that you can take after finishing GA\'s WDI course. The career counselor there (shout out to Nicole in Austin... she\'s amazing) will help you figure out what jobs are out there and what speaks to you.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I graduated from the User Experience Design Immersive course at General Assembly in April\xa02016. The immersive course is challenging but definitely worth its weight in gold.\nThroughout the course I was given the opportunity to practice the UX craft in a supportive environment with guidance from experienced instructors. As the title suggests, you are fully immersed in the course every single day for 10 weeks and I abosolutely loved it. I learnt so much during those 10 weeks and met some of the greatest people.\xa0\nOne of the great things about\xa0GA is the collaborative environment which helped me\xa0to build my UX network, meet mentors, connect with\xa0industry contacts, potential employers\xa0and lifelong friends.\xa0\nI was able to gain so much more out of the course than one would initially think & still reaping the benefits now.\xa0It was amazing to see my own evolution during the course and I can safely\xa0say that this course was a pivotal moment for myself & some of my peers.\xa0\nI worked a number of contract jobs after I graduated through contacts that I made through General Assembly & currently working as a UX Designer agency side.\xa0\nAll in all, I would definitely do it all over again.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., \xa0\nI always thought about programming as an \'unnecessary evil\' until the very first day of the course, when my instructor DT had showed us how much fun it actually is and what amazing things you can build with just a few lines of code.\n\r\nI was learning \xa0for almost 20 years (since primary school up to Master\'s of Engineering)\xa0and studying at GA was one of the best educational experiences with one of the best teachers I had.\n\r\nThe course itself is very\xa0intensive, it\'s important to complete, understand and remember all the materials from the\xa0prework and \xa0if possible do some extra on your own\xa0(eg Code Academy).\r\nIt really takes 40 hours per week with afterhours for homework and going through\xa0the notes.\xa0\nGreat atmosphere, support, resources, materials and many occasions to socialise and meet other programmers.\xa0\n\r\nTeachers are very passionate, helpful, experienced,\xa0patient and\xa0encourageing to try and do new things.\n\r\nClasses are intensive, but run and explained in a very funny and easy way :)\n\r\nBefore, I also thought that you can\'t really\xa0change careers in 12 weeks, but trust me yes\xa0you can (if you put enough effort and commitment).\xa0\r\nFantastic career support with all the strategies of how to find the\xa0right job (not just an any job).\nGood luck! 👍🏻\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate.]', '[I went into this course as the least experienced and youngest student of my class, but at the end I felt like I could stand next to my peers and look at them as equals, rather than view myself as less capable. The course was designed to get you a job as an ux designer as fast as possible while  equipping you with all the skills and knowledge you\'ll need for your first job. Although all coursework was very realistic and practical, with the last project having an actual client, the learning environment is amazing. As a current university student I can say that although the course wasn\'t designed for me, I got so much from it and I think if you want to learn anything about anything related to UX this is course is for you!This Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., This 10 week course was perfectly designed for anyone that want to put the first foot in the door of\xa0the UX industry. The curriculum was carefully selected to provide you with the most up to date and relevant skills to be industry ready. My instructors had great industry experience and are still currently practicing and provided a solid mentorship. The course helped me switched careers and I landed a role in less than a week upon finishing.\r\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Learn to gather, analyze, and tell stories through data with SQL, Excel, and visualization.\nThis Review Is Helpful10Flag as inappropriate., I completed the Data Analysis Circuit on-line course offered by General Assembly. \xa0The level of support offered by General Assembly is outstanding, each student is encouraged to select a Mentor for the course, attend on-line meetings, and participate in the class meetings.\nThe General Assembly team is always available to answer any questions, review your submitted projects and meet with you one on one.\nThis was the most positive and enjoyable training class and working with\xa0the staff at General Assembly made this a successful and informative experience.\nI look forward to my next on-line training course and working with General Assembly.\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., The online course focuses on the funnel of digital marketing; the material was digestible and manageable, yet very informative.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., This course was super valuable. It’s true that you don’t know what you don’t know.\nThis course has empowered me with the confidence to have UX discussions, use the industry correct language and terminology and have knowledge around what is best practice.\nSince completing this course I have transitioned into a role as User Experience Designer and I am loving challenging those around me to ensure we are user -centric in everything we do.\nI would have liked to have some course material that I could refer back to though.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I found the data analysis circut to be a great warmup course for some of GA\'s other offerings. \xa0If you are looking to ramp up your excel and SQL skills, this is a great starter course.\nTook this course for a ramp up on the Data Science Immersive program.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., TL;DR: Worth every minute of my time and every dollar spent.\xa0 Invaluable experience with tangible results.\xa0 Was hired at a top company within 6 days of graduation.\n\xa0\nA little background regarding my education, experience, and character: I hold a BA in History and Comparative Religion from a liberal arts university.\xa0 I have worked as a teacher, a fashion photographer, a designer, an account coordinator, and a partner in a wedding photography business.\xa0 I enjoy traveling the globe, learning languages, and eating local foods.\xa0 In summation, I’d never had anything beyond a slim introduction to HTML prior to my decision to enroll in GA.\n\xa0\nI formally began GA’s WDI first remote cohort after completing one month of self-directed study, a prep that gave me a solid foundation to begin but was no substitute for what I learned.\xa0 I had my suspicion regarding the efficacy of a completely online platform but it quickly dissolved as I completed my first week.\n\xa0\nThe 13+ weeks felt simultaneously indefinite and momentary.\xa0 I believe the content of the curriculum was so new and challenging that it seemed long but it was also so engaging while augmented by the fun had in class with instructors and classmates.\xa0 The most important thing about this course is that you learn and you learn a lot in a short period of time.\xa0 While the course is no substitute for a CS degree that teaches you the complex math behind machine code, the jobs a web developer is looking for doesn’t require that!\xa0 I think most people are fearful of bootcamp programs because we’ve seen the scandals involving for-profit academies (Everest, ITT, DeVry), but you need to realize that programs like this work far better for those that have already been out in the world gaining experience and looking to pivot in a new direction.\n\xa0\nYou are assigned HW nightly that certainly requires 3-5 hours of work but the projects are your true tests and ultimately become your portfolio.\xa0 I kept on top of my portfolio landing page and projects and eventually received a bite from a top company two weeks prior to my graduation.\xa0 My interests lie in front-end and web animation so when I was offered a full-time salary position with killer perks 6 days post gradation, the final validation for this course was checked off my list.\n\xa0\nLearning to code is not a passive skill (well, at least not initially) so you must be ready to listen carefully, think critically, and apply what you learn thoughtfully.\xa0 If you do this and couple it with dedication/interest/passion/whatever drives you, failure is not an option - you will succeed.\xa0 GA has a finely tuned system with kick-ass instructors that are real people, and by that I mean they’re personable and considerate.\xa0 Many of the instructors are GA grads themselves that after a few years in the workforce have decided to come back and teach, which is killer because they can speak the same language as the novice.\xa0 I haven’t an unkind word for any of the instructors I encountered.\n\xa0\nThe same kind words apply to the operations and career outcomes staff.\xa0 GA has done a fine job sourcing amazing talent and I trust they will continue to apply these tactics to acquire even more.\n\xa0\nTo summarize, GA has an outstanding curriculum with an amazing staff that keeps you laughing and interested while teaching you hard skills that truly gets you the work you’re looking for.\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., I recently completed GA\'s Web Development Immersive and I honestly had no idea what to expect going in to the course. I had no prior development experience, beyond the free\xa0Codecademy and Code School courses I had been taking online.\nI have a background in journalism and had worked for a media company designing newspapers for a little over two years prior to taking GA\'s WDI. I had been teaching myself to code and I fell in love with the endless possibilities that web development holds.\xa0\nI decided to make the leap and GA was the best fit for me. GA Austin is in the perfect location downtown amongst the various tech companies and you have the opportunity to meet "out in the wild" developers in that very building! GA also really stresses the importance of community and I truly have found a community within GA. I had a great community of classmates within the classroom. We got to help each other and watch each other grow. We picked each other up when someone was down and we cheer each individual\'s accomplishments.\nThe instructors and GA staff are also part of my community. Everyone wants to know how the course is going, how the job search is going and what they can do to help. I was always greeted with a friendly face or a helping hand. There are tons of networking events that help you meet past students, present students that aren\'t in your course and future students.\nThe Austin tech community is my community. GA provided networking events and invited industry professionals in to our classrooms to meet us, speak with us, and critique our work. I\'ve met a range of developers from a variety of companies, that I know I could call on to ask questions about code, the job search or advice about the industry.\nMy real takeaway from General Assembly is the sense of community they provide, because the course is not easy. It takes a lot of time and a lot of energy.\xa0It is truly immersive and having that support behind you not only makes it easier, but it makes it even more fun!\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., I came to the course with no prior experience coding or designing anything. It was a fantastic jumpstart, super fast, engaging, at times overwhelming but overall awesome. I had two great teachers Jason, who brought his great experience and deep knowledge of the subject\xa0knowledge and Will who was a very talented teacher and very passionate coder. The learning experience was great, but I was not prepared to struggle so much to find a job afterwards. It should be expected though, when\xa0you launch 100+ Junior developers on the market at the same time the process of getting them hired it is not an easy task.\xa0\nJust be ready, you are going to be amazed about the skills you have learned\xa0but getting a job is not an easy ride.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., I attended GA for their Web Development Immersive from May 30 - August 19, 2016.\xa0 I’ll start by saying it was an experience. \xa0\n\xa0\nThe bootcamp is a very intense experience where you’re in a classroom for 40 hours per week - taking notes, listening to lectures, and working on mini-labs as well as day-long labs.\xa0 You also have, on top of the 40 hours per week in class, an additional 20-40 hours of homework and projects to complete outside of class putting your workload realistically at 60-80 hours per week.\xa0 It’s physically exhausting as well as mentally exhausting over the course of the 12 weeks.\xa0 Bear in mind that this isn’t a full-time job and part-time job that you’re probably tired of or bored with.\xa0 This is a course where you’re constantly being pushed mentally to grasp new material and apply it in solo settings, paired settings, and group settings; it’s exhausting, but also refreshing and exhilarating at the same time.\xa0 You’re encouraged to go to meet ups when you find the time between class, homework, and projects if you have the energy, to meet new people, expand your network, and hopefully meet someone who needs what you have to offer (i.e. employers and freelance work).\xa0 Somewhere in the mix of all that, you get resume coaching by a professional career coach, personal portfolio site coaching by professional designers, behavioral interview prep by professional recruiters, technical interview prep by professional programmers, and lectures about freelancing, negotiation, and a host of “soft” skills to prepare you for your eventual job search and career.\xa0 Somewhere in there, you also tour a couple of local tech/tech-oriented companies.\xa0 We visited uShip and Atlassian. \xa0\n\xa0\nThe 12 weeks are structured in 4 units - 2 weeks, 4 weeks, 3 weeks, and 3 weeks.\xa0 You’re asked over the course of the 12 weeks to build 1 game, 2 group projects (1 front end, 1 back end), and 1 final capstone solo project with most people opting to make a full stack application for this, but the program leaves it open-ended as to what you do.\xa0 With the exception of the game at the end of week 2, where everyone is assigned the same game, the other 3 projects are left completely up to your groups and yourself to decide what to build.\xa0 You’re asked to be creative.\xa0 You’re asked to be logical.\xa0 You’re asked to be patient.\xa0 You’re asked to be motivated.\xa0 The program is very demanding of what you bring to the table. \xa0\n\xa0\nIf you’re not so much intimidated by all of that that as you are excited by it, then please keep reading because you might have found your next step in life. \xa0\n\xa0\nIt’s a blast!\xa0 You’ll meet people from so many different walks of life.\xa0 In my class, there was a college student majoring in business, a former Computer Science major, a former Army Ranger, a game designer, a journalist, 2 people who worked in finance, a guy who took on various roles at various companies, and a former Apple employee.\xa0 I was a music composition major in college, and worked as a pianist, composer, arranger, and teacher for a few years before I decided to transition to something new, which ended up, after a year and a half of searching, to be computer programming for web development.\xa0 You’ll come to make friends with these people, love them for their quirks, hate them for their quirks, and eventually have a sense of camaraderie with them because you all made it through something together that not everyone wants to do, nor, I’m not even sure, can do. \xa0\n\xa0\nALSO, you’re in one of the coolest towns in the U.S.!\xa0 Austin is the live music capital of the U.S., so just the live music scene alone is something special.\xa0 Austin also has all kinds of hiking trails, like the Barton Creek Greenbelt, and natural swimming holes, like Barton Springs, to explore.\xa0 Everything Austin offers makes for a great environment to deflate and relax from the intense programming environment you’ll be entering into. \xa0\n\xa0\nThis is pretty standard information, though, so I’d like to talk more about my personal experience with and in the program. \xa0\n\xa0\nI had never coded before GA, and so I was really going out on a limb here spending that kind of money, investing that kind of time, and putting myself way outside my comfort zone.\xa0 I’ve never been “a computer person”.\xa0 I used computers, but not for anything extraordinary; just Facebook, YouTube… the usual suspects.\xa0 I always had this weird interest in learning to program for some reason, though, and an acquaintance of mine always talked about it with such passion and verve.\xa0 I never gave myself the time or credit to teach myself how to program, so I ended up telling myself, “Now or never… you’re not interested in pursuing music professionally anymore, you’ve worked several odds-and-end jobs with nothing really catching your imagination… go for it!”\xa0 So I did.\xa0 It was the best decision I’ve made in my adult life.\xa0 I’m 27.\xa0 So now you know my non-existent programming background prior to GA.\n\xa0\n(Note:\xa0 For anyone older reading this, there were also people much older than me, though.\xa0 I think in the cohort that started a few weeks after mine, there was a guy who was in his 40s.\xa0 In my class, the aforementioned game designer was 31.)\n\xa0\nThe application process was cool.\xa0 They give you very limited resources and ask you to build your own About Me website and submit it.\xa0 I did this, so they scheduled an interview.\xa0 I got accepted.\xa0 It wasn’t stressful.\xa0 They just try to engage you, see what gets you ticking, and get to know you.\xa0 Next was the pre-work to be completed before the program started, so there was at least an exposure to fundamental concepts.\xa0 The pre-work is challenging, and, unfortunately, in my opinion, I think GA could do way better with this pre-work.\xa0 Every time you come to the exercises, you feel like you aren’t prepared for them, which is not how the program is.\xa0 The labs, homework, and projects are very challenging, but you’re very well-prepared for them.\xa0 It may seem like you’re not at times, but you are.\xa0 You just have to really mine your mind for the information you’ve been exposed to.\xa0 This pre-work, however, can be quite harrowing at times, so if you decide to enroll, start working on the pre-work, and feel like an idiot… don’t worry… I was the same.\xa0 I’m not sure if it’s the exposure to a completely new way of thinking, or if it’s just the pre-work is insufficient in its explanations… it definitely leaves you wondering whether you’re going to be able to do this.\xa0 I can assure you again, though, the rest of the program plays out much better. \xa0\n\xa0\nMy instructors were awesome!\xa0 Sean, Amanda, and Britney Jo… they were something else.\xa0 Very patient people who want nothing more than to see you succeed.\xa0 I don’t know GA’s process for hiring teachers, but they seem to pick the cream of the crop.\xa0 These people are so knowledgeable and very kind.\xa0 To boot, instructors from the other classes like Ross, Riley, and Mike reach out to you and make sure you’re doing well. \xa0\n\xa0\nThe staff is really great, too!\xa0 Really cool people from Leah and Emily, to Nicole and Sarah, to Chris… there’s several of them.\xa0 They went above and beyond to make sure all of us were doing alright, and would always say, “Hey, how’s it going?” when you passed them in the hallway.\xa0 They hosted a potluck where all of the students brought food, and we ate together.\xa0 They know you’re spending money and time to be there, and they want to make it worth your while and really make you feel like you’re part of something. \xa0\n\xa0\nSomething I haven’t mentioned about my experience is what was happening in my life outside of GA.\xa0 My father passed away halfway through the program, and I was very distraught by this loss.\xa0 The staff and faculty, with the exception of 2 or 3, all came up to me individually and privately to express their condolences.\xa0 Leah sent flowers to my mother.\xa0 They were incredibly flexible and accommodating, going so far as to offering to extend the program an extra week for me so I could go be with family for a week in the immediate aftermath.\xa0 They were also very supportive.\xa0 Everyone would engage me in conversation and check to make sure I was doing alright.\xa0 I really wouldn’t have graduated without the support they gave me.\xa0 I was completely alone in Austin.\xa0 I’m from Arkansas, so Austin is 9 hours away from my family and friends.\xa0 What they did for me meant the world to me, and, I think, speaks very positive worlds about the people you’ll be engaged with on a daily basis. \xa0\n\xa0\nI’m a very cynical person, but I believe in this school.\xa0\n\xa0\nA friend of mine I met there who was enrolled in the previous Web Development Immersive which started prior to but overlapped with mine, said something very succinct, which describes the experience in a hilarious, but apt way.\xa0 He said, “WDI was the greatest experience of my life that I never want to repeat again.”\xa0 I expressed this sentiment to my friends in my cohort as well as my friends in the Android Development Immersive and the User Design Immersive that were happening simultaneously with my cohort, and everyone who heard it laughed and agreed.\xa0 It’s damn intense, but it’s also a damn good time. \xa0\n\xa0\nIf you have any further questions you didn’t get answered here, I encourage you to talk to the staff, but you’re welcome to contact me on LinkedIn:\xa0 https://www.linkedin.com/in/colinstandefer\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., I\'ll tell you first and foremost, deciding to attend GA was one of the best decisions I\'ve ever made for myself. \xa0If you\'re like me then what you really want to know is "am I going to get a job". that depends on a lot of things like how much work you put into it, how good your instructors and classmates are (mine were incredible), and that je ne sais quoi that makes some people successful for no quantifiable reason. What I can tell you with certainty is GA will make you\xa0employable.\xa0I went from no coding background to full time salary employee at a startup tasked with building out the android app by myself, and I\'m doing great. \xa0You will leave GA with those skills. \xa0The greater hurdle is convincing employers that despite the notable lack of a degree you are actually more qualified that Johnny Justgraduated because you\'ve spent the last three months doing the job they are hiring for. \xa0It\'s not fair, I know, but a good friend once told me you gotta bet on yourself.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Before General Assembly, I was attending a traditional university studying computer science. There, I found that I wasn\'t learning any real-world skills. I had the desire to create something, but I didn\'t have the ability to do so. I heard about General Assembly through a friend, and he had told me it was the best decision he\'s ever made.\nI decided to take the plunge! The interview process went smoothly. The admissions staff is very kind and informative, and I learned about General Assembly\'s mission through them. I had some prior knowledge of development, so the pre-work was a bit simpler for me than it may be for others. However, I could see the benefit for anyone coming in with no experience.\xa0\nI was nervous. Perhaps the course wouldn\'t quite live up to my expectations. I had heard so many different things, and read polarizing reviews. Soon after arrival, I figured out that General Assembly was the real deal. It is tough. The workload is intense, and you will find that the only thing on your mind at times is the course. This is exactly what I wanted though. It is called an immersive, and that\'s exactly what you get from GA. It really was an experience unlike anything I have done before. I was constantly thinking about code. I believe this is the only way someone can learn such an immense amount in only three months.\nBesides the course load, GA gave me much more. I made new friends in a new city. I was given confidence in myself that was missing. I was provided mentors and peers that will be connections for life. I found a challenge, and I overcame it. Most of my cohort was comprised of people who were not challenged in their current careers, or were just not satisfied with them. I can say confidently that GA\'s immersive programs are the perfect way to make that change.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I\'m part of the first cohort that graduated a few days ago.\xa0I have technical background (Bachelor of Science in\xa0Computer Science) and some programming experience.\n\xa0\nResearch before signing up, and\xa0why remote?\nSigning up for this first cohort was a huge leap of faith. I did so much research in finding the right programming bootcamp for me.\nI even went back and forth to NYC to learn more about the bootcamps while attending a part-time programming class.\xa0Each way is\xa0560 miles from my home. I put around 15,000 miles in my car\xa0in the process of deciding if I should go enroll in\xa0an\xa0immersive program.\nBecause I lived in a rural area, quite easily called the boondocks, I crashed at\xa0my relative\'s apt in NYC for free (lucky!). I still had to go home every weekend for\xa03 months while going through part-time programming\xa0classes.\xa0After that grueling commute cycle,\xa0I realized\xa0that I really can\'t leave my family alone almost 600 miles away, even if I want to join an\xa0immersive programming course.\xa0\nMy husband is military so I cannot simply uproot our lives for my desire to go into an immersive, and become a programmer.\nI really needed to think carefully about\xa0what I was going to be doing for the next few months in regards to\xa0my career change. After weeks of decision making, I came to the conclusion\xa0that I needed to either drive\xa0110 miles every day roundtrip\xa0if I wanted to learn how to code in the nearest big city, or attend a remote bootcamp.\nI ultimately\xa0decided that I should apply for a remote\xa0immersive program.\n\xa0\nHard time finding the right remote immersive bootcamp.\nAfter applying for several more selective programming bootcamps and passing, it just didn\'t feel right. It\xa0felt like the people that I was put in contact with\xa0weren\'t\xa0eager to talk to me. Almost like I was a bother, especially the people who did the technical interviews.\nI was getting a bit frustrated because I just couldn\'t connect with the people I was talking to.\xa0It didn\'t feel like they were\xa0eager to help me learn. Instead of sounding enthusiastic about\xa0teaching me, it felt like they were talking down to me. Of course, learning the best languages of the moment is key, but I also wanted to feel comfortable with the folks I will be dealing with for the next few months.\n\xa0\nSeeing GA\'s Ad for the first cohort (aka\xa0guinea pig).\nA General Assembly Admissions Advisor reached out to me. I was surprised. It took me a few seconds to process why GA was calling me. I\xa0honestly forgot about applying for their remote program. A few days back, I submitted their online form in whim to get the curriculum. Most of the schools with harder vetting process didn\'t really follow-up.\nI\'ve read a lot of reviews on GA and it just didn\'t seem up to par to what I envisioned myself getting into.\xa0The reviews for GA are so mixed everywhere.\nBeing the\xa0inquisitive\xa0person that I am, I politely grilled the GA representative\xa0on every\xa0single\xa0aspect of the program. She was\xa0very professional, it made me happy to talk to someone who knew what I\'ll be learning.\nBut I still wasn\'t convinced.\xa0\nI politely told the admission advisor that I might go with "XYZABC"\xa0school because I\'ve already been talking to them weeks\xa0back. She convinced me to give it a chance, and attend the information sessions they have. The contrast alone between her demeanor and the uncaring conversations I had with the other "top" school convinced me to give it a shot.\nI went to all of their information sessions with the lead instructor and the program head.\xa0All I can say was is that their information sessions were really live and open, very unscripted.\nI pondered for a few more weeks, until\xa0I finally decided to go with General Assembly\'s Remote Immersive.\n\xa0\nThe pre-work.\nI honestly wasn\'t ecstatic with the pre-work. I thought that it could\'ve been much more focused on drilling the fundamentals than coming up with a pretty project. Honestly felt nervous when I went through the pre-work. I was thinking, "what the heck did I get myself into".\nI was upfront about this when they asked for my feedback. I am not scared putting this out there. This also shows that\xa0nobody\xa0is silencing\xa0my\xa0voice. I even used my name in this review. Not going as anonymous.\nI believe they tweaked it for the upcoming cohorts. I\'m not sure.\xa0Attend the information session and do not rely on my statement\xa0alone.\xa0They are constantly tweaking things.\nAlthough I did say that\xa0I wasn\'t much fan of the pre-work, because to me it lacked the preview on the fundamentals that the instructors will eventually hammer on you, I did not dock a star. It is because it ultimately did not take away anything from\xa0my\xa0learning experience.\n\xa0\nMy experience in the actual lessons.\nThe beginning was rough. It\'s just like starting your first day in class, or first day at a new job.\xa0A\xa0lot of adjusting and discomfort as you go into "immersive learning" mode.\nHowever,\xa0I sure did learn a lot. I get goosebumps just thinking about the whole experience.\xa0\nI honestly can say that I got out so much from this program. I was able to\xa0finally\xa0utilize the tools, the Computer Science Fundamentals, that I I didn\'t know what to do with before graduating. I\'m learning ASP and C# now, a few days after graduating. The program was very systematic in teaching us how to approach new topics most efficiently.\xa0\n\xa0\nShoutout to my awesome instructors.\nI also know it also had\xa0a lot to do with our\xa0awesome instructors. I am so thankful\xa0that I got the instructors that I did. Our instructor group had about\xa020\xa0years experience\xa0collectively between them. That alone speaks volumes of my experience. Did they make it hard on us? Nope. They definitely gave us the chance to excel, but if the student didn\'t want to, they were not hard on him or her. But the instructors definitely did not slack off in whipping our butts to learn as much as we can.\xa0\nTake note, the instructor teams\xa0change every cohort.\xa0Again, attend the information sessions.\xa0You\'re spending $$$, an equivalent of a very decent car,\xa0you should at least make an effort in researching who will be teaching you. I for one would have not joined if I saw anything less impressive than what I saw the team that was going to be teaching me.\n\xa0\nAfter graduation.\nTo speak of the other people in my cohort,\xa0I know of a few people already going to interviews.\xa0As of this writing, this is day 3 from graduating.\xa0I myself went to a few even before graduating. I cannot speak for everybody, but a lot of the people I grew close to, and am still chatting with, seem to be doing quite well.\xa0There were some who also had\xa0interviews before graduating, but a lot of us\xa0were\xa0holding out for remote positions.\nFull disclosure, right now I\'m not going all out in finding a job, so my view of the job market is not quite detailed.\xa0I\'m thinking of either getting my MS in Computer Science or finding a remote job. At the very least, I want to code with and for a mission and get a job at a mission-focused company, hence the lack of vigor in applying for jobs immediately. The lack of immediate outcome in my part is not the fault of General Assembly.\xa0Plus, it\'s only been a few days since we graduated.\n\xa0\nJobs landing on your lap!\xa0Not.\nAm I saying you\'ll easily get a job if you apply for this program?\xa0I\'m definitely\xa0not\xa0saying that.\nThis is not a program for someone who saved some dough, and decided, "Hey! I wanna make easy cash!". Don\'t waste your money or your time if you\'re not willing to change your lifestyle, way of thinking, and personality.\n\xa0\nHow this program changed me.\nI am able to dive head on to learning new tech without hesitation, my approach to working with others in the\xa0development side also changed.\xa0I\'m no longer apprehensive about showing people my code, unlike 10 years ago when it terrified me to do so.\xa0I didn\'t go into this program to learn how to make easy money as a programmer.\n\xa0\nHow I approached the program.\nI am actually one of\xa0the\xa0vocal\xa0(but constructive... I hope?) students. I didn\'t hold back if I felt something was preventing me from getting the best out of what I paid for, both monetarily and my time.\nWorking till 12am was normal for some of us, be it on homework or pet projects. My day in the immersive officially starts at 10am (although I wake up at 5am to do chores and attend to my family) and ends officially at 5pm. To really learn, get the most out of the lessons and\xa0work on my homework with the night TA,\xa0my GA time typically ends\xa011pm. Projects week normally calls for working until 2am.\xa0Those who had similar schedule (roughly 14 hours of coding each day for almost 4 months) were able to secure interviews before classes ended.\n\xa0\nThe job hunt.\nLike I said, I\'m not in full job hunting mode. I\'m not even sure if I\'m going to be able to find a job.\xa0But do I feel like I got my money\'s worth? Yes, I do feel that I made the right decision attending this program. I\'m even in the process of talking to academic advisors from different schools regarding their Masters programs for CS majors.\nConclusion.\nThis review\xa0is about my experience.\xa0I am telling you about how\xa0effective it was\xa0for me\xa0in the aspect of being able to learn new tech and working in a simulated professional dev environment.\n\xa0\nDISCLAIMER:\nThis review is definitely not an endorsement of the program. As of this writing (Aug 2016) I have not applied for a job at GA. They do not even have a campus in my big city. Definitely think hard, very hard, and do a lot of research before signing up for anything. And if you do sign up, make sure to do everything that will make your investment worthwhile.\nYou can visit my blog to read more about my experience as a WDI Remote student. Feel free to reach out if you have any questions you would like to ask a former student of the WDI Remote program.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I have to admit, this program was hard for me. I have a non technical background and there were times in the course I doubted it would work the way it said. In fact I got to a point where I was pretty sour on the entire thing, and there were a few weeks where I really threw a fit.\xa0\nI graduated two days ago, and I have to take back every bad thing I said. I was getting recruiter calls before my final project even started, and before I filled out a single application. Today was the first day I really started my job search in earnest, and GA has juice. I have gotten callbacks within hours of applying for anything, and matter of fact have an interview set for tomorrow. From an application I did halfway through today.\nMy story isn\'t over, since I\'ve just begun jobhunting I\'ll obviously update this when I get a job. But the response from companies has given me a lot of faith. Here is what I will say in the way of specifics.\n1. This is a really hard program; this is a really hard thing to learn.\nSometimes in this course I was miserable. I was trying really hard to understand, but I couldn\'t. There was a little while where I would get very frustrated and start to fault the program in my freak-out moments. But the struggling phase is probably just inevitable when you are trying to learn something really hard, fast. I have come to see that there is a method to the madness.\nSome of my class actually didn\'t make it through, and if there is any definite difference I can say about who survived and who didn\'t, it has to be optimism. You have to know that even if you aren\'t technical, even if you feel like doing this is taking a big risk, you have to see it through. You have to discipline your dissapointments and frustrations and once out the other side, willl see the big picture.\n2. The workload is EXTREMELY INTENSE, and you need to prepare yourself.\nCook a bunch of meals and freeze them ahead of time. Knock out any trips to the DMV or doctor you have on the horizon, you will absolutely not have time for it while in this course. If you have pets, honest to god make a plan to exercise and care for them. The schedule is that intense, and I am not exaggerating.\xa0\nIf you have a spouse, tell them you are having an affair with your laptop for the next few months. Not even kidding.\xa0\nIf you have any trips planned, cancel them. Do not make the ridiculous mistake of trying to move during this course, which is what I did and made me fall behind for a while. Also, do as much codeacademy as you can beforehand. You will be glad you did later.\xa0\n3. Mix trusting the program with your own gut and learning style.\nMy course was the first remote course, and there were things that worked and didn\'t. For instance, I found hand written note taking (what I\xa0usually do) was a mistake. You can\'t keep up with someone typing 60 wpm by trying to take hand written notes. Take screenshots, and code along with the instructors as much as possible.\nCONCLUSION?\nYou know who you guys are, but the people that led my course (the first remote program) were Colin, Matt B, Matt H, Marc, Kristyn, Thom, Adi, Seth, and Meghan. (Shoutout so any corporate back patting does not risk missing you as it\'s target. It was well, WELL earned.)\xa0\nI was a tremendous pain to these people sometimes. I expected them to answer to me about how the course was running in a way that was probably obnoxious. They bent over backwards to help me. They were incredibly accessible. And adaptive. And as something of a dark horse within my class they put in as much effort if not more with me than with the super genius kids that were breezing through.\nI don\'t think I have felt like an instructor, or all the instructors in fact, were this personally invested in me since elementary school. These guys were so on top of it. They knew before I did what languages might be easier for me to learn. They pay very, very close attention. They also are patient with that jerk set on cracking bad jokes and being the class clown. (Spoiler alert, that was also me.)\xa0\nI try to stick to the principle of being honest about both problems and solutions. There were plenty of times in this course where I was raising an alarm and freaking out. It is only fair now that I am through that I give appropriate credit. These guys are life changers. Even if you have doubts about this type of course, as once a huge cynic, I gotta say these guys are monumentally good at what they do. And the program they run meets if not exceeds the results that it advertises.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful18Flag as inappropriate., UXDI at General Assembly helped me relaunch my career. I started in UX over a decade ago when the industry was just starting out. I spent a few years in a CX / UX role and then left to have my family. After almost 10 years out of the workforce, and out of the UX community, the industry had moved forward so much and my experience was very much outdated. I spent 2 years applying for jobs by myself, to no avail. It was then that I stumbled across UXDI at GA and thought I had nothing to lose. Incredibly, after only 1 week after my meet and greet I had lined up 7 interviews in 3 days! This was a combination of jobs i had applied for myself, interviews with recruiters I had met at the GA meet and Greet, and also interviews lined up for me by my outcomes producer. This was unheard of for me, considering I had previously spent two years trying to find employment. By the end of that week I had secured my first short term contract as a UX Designer. Since completing this initial\xa0contract, I have moved onto a permanent UX Reseracher role. I have been in this role for close to two months now and I love it. I am proud to say I am a GA success story - a middle aged mum who made her way back into the tech industry after a ten year hiatus.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., I took General Assembly\'s part-time front-end development course and was adequately pleased with it. \xa0I had a fair amount of front-end knowledge prior to the course through online courses such as codeacademy.com, so the GA course was more review than anything (you won\'t need any knowledge prior to taking the course, however). \xa0That being said, the instructor was great, the homework was beneficial and I loved the atmosphere created by the GA building/staff. \xa0If I could afford the full-time tuition, I would definitely consider taking the bootcamp and making the switch to the programming field.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Personally I found the format for General Assembly\'s web development immersive extremely effective. The number of hours committed as part of the course forces you to focus on nothing but learning, or levelling up, your\xa0web development skills. However\xa0it\'s not just brute force transfer of information via presentation. In having a mixture of taught lessons to cover new topics, exercises in the afternoon to put that new found knowledge to work (and the chance to talk with teachers 1 to 1), and individual assignments in the evening to further practice & cement a concept.\nCurriculum wise I think the areas covered are well chosen and have an appropriate bias to the real life skills you\'ll need as a software developer. One area I think could be improved is bringing testing in earlier - and give time to showing\xa0real examples\xa0of TDD from scratch - not just the concepts.\nThe teachers on my\xa0course are knowledgeable in their field,\xa0a great bunch to spend time with, and made themselves available to help students. GA is also a fun place to be. There are always interesting people around to chat with, when you have the time!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Enrolling in a course at General Assembly was arguably the decision that has had the quickest impact on my life. I had zero experience with tech outside of being an avid consumer of the Internet and its depths. The curriculum was well-suited to someone without prior knowledge. It does assume that you have the desire to learn, however. Most of the criticism I have heard is from those that were under the false impression that the course would make them experts at web development without any sort of effort on their part. This is not the case. For me, this was an important component of General Assembly - the course and its instructors showed me what was possible and through the projects, I was able to build my confidence to the point where I\xa0believed\xa0that I could build anything. That was true much before I believed it, though. General Assembly and its network of alumni, students and instructors imbued me with the confidence I needed to recover from what seemed like failures but were really just adjustments to my journey. I would recommend (and have done so) enrolling a course at General Assembly if you are serious about changing your career or adding valuable skills to your tool kit.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., I completed the UX Design (part-time) course at GA, in NYC, 2 years ago. I came into the course as a Fashion Designer with no UX experience. I learned so much at GA, from very knowledgable and talented instructors. I even got to participate in a UX Design Sprint at Google. I highly recommend taking a course at GA.\nThis Review Is Helpful22Flag as inappropriate., I graduated from the Web Development Immersive at General Assembly (campus Melbourne) and couldn\'t be more delighted. Course was relevant, fast-paced, well structured and it really taught me more than I could possibly imagine that I could learn in such a short time. The staff and the teachers at GA are the most amazing as well!\xa0Two weeks after the graduation I landed my first job as a junior\xa0developer. This course changed my life so I would be happy to recommend it to anyone - it will be the best decision of your life.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., My background was computer science degree with a heavy emphasis on theory and not alot of web development. I had learned the basics of Ruby on rails through books but the course helped me understand fully the language and framework. The instructors were very helpful, passionate about coding and always available for help online or in person. The communication they used with Slack was extremely convenient. The course was fast paced and just as they instructors advised before starting, it needed to be done at a time in your life when not too much else was demanding. My only suggestion would have been to either add 2 more weeks to the course or subtract something in the beginning that was less important. The projects were challenging and went right along with the course material. The last few weeks of course were a tad bit rushed but I was so proud the last day of class when I stood and presented my application and it worked. It wasn\'t the prettiest but it indeed worked and I came up with each creative idea on my own. Definitely a good experience and I\'d recommend to any other beginner or even intermediate developer.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \nBefore starting General Assembly\'s full-time Web Development Immersive course I was a journalist with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.\xa0\n\n\nI\'d taken an interest in data visualisation, and knew a little bit of HTML, CSS and JavaScript. But I didn\'t know enough to confidently use code in my day-to-day life as a digital journalist. I simply couldn\'t learn fast enough in my spare time, or without a classroom environment where I could ask for help.\n\xa0\n\n\nI knew the course was expensive, and would require me to take unpaid leave from the ABC. But I\'d spoken to a few graduates\xa0who assured me that it was worthwhile - that once graduating, I\'d be able to code and use my new skills to be a better digital journalist.\xa0\n\n\xa0\n\nI eventually\xa0decided to\xa0take the plunge. I built a little website on why online journalists should learn to code and\xa0pitched it to the ABC. They gave me unpaid leave, and $5,000 towards the cost of the course.\xa0\n\xa0\n\n\nBut about six weeks into the 12 week\xa0course, I resigned from the ABC. \n\xa0\n\nI was having the time of my life. I had met an amazing group of people. My eyes had been opened to the tech industry. I was coding day and night, barely sleeping, running on caffeine and chocolate, but absolutely loving life. My instructor Joel Turnbull was incredibly talented - and hilarious. I loved every bit of the content that we covered.\xa0The General Assembly staff were amazing.\n\n\n\xa0\n\nI made the decision to resign because I knew that in order to continue progressing my coding skills, I would need to be coding full-time, rather than trying to code on top of my usual day-to-day journalist responsibilities. I also wanted to be in a supportive environment where I could pair program and be mentored by a senior. \n\xa0\nIt didn\'t take me long to find my first job as a developer with a company called ansarada. During the course we studied Ruby on Rails and JavaScript. At ansarada I\'m a back end developer writing C# and SQL. I\'ve kept up my front-end skills on the side, and in a few weeks time I\'ll be moving to London to start a new job as a software engineer with Twitter.\n\xa0\n\nDoing WDI and changing careers from journalism to web development was the best decision of my life. The tech community is like no other, and I\'m so happy to be part of it.\xa0\n\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., Learned how to build a website from scratch using HTTP and CSS and the visual concepts behind designing a website.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[As a designer and in this modern world I needed to get my skills involved with web.\xa0I signed up for the 10-week part time course after following one of the one day workshops - \'Code in a Day\'. Working full-time the night classes suited me just fine and only 2 classes a week was good, as it did not overwhelm me. Straight off the bat the course layout was great, pre-work that with a video tutorial took you through the basics steps and as each class progressed we would always relate back to what we learnt earlier to keep it refreshed in our brains. The pace was good and even when I personally fell a bit behind or had difficulty the instructors were quick to help and very understanding. Having materials accessible online is a huge benefit for at home studying and using \'Stack\' as a communication source was resourceful. All in I\'ve finish the 10 weeks confident,\xa0all be it not a pro of course, to continue on with my own studies and update my resume to include web skills. It’s real world knowledge and skills for the real world workers.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly Melbourne equipped me with all the skill I needed to land a job as a Junior Front-End Developer. The classes were fun and the teachers were really great. Landed a job in the last week! Would reccomend this course to anyone.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., A little disclaimer - I continued to work at GA after my graduation as an Instructional Associate. I imagine this makes me slightly biased.\nWhat the Web Dev Immersive course does is prepare students to become junior developers. This is something it does very well. The course focuses on Ruby (especially Rails) on the backend and HTML, CSS and Javascript (JQuery and some Angular) on the frontend.\nThe thing that I found most rewarding about GA\'s program was the accessibility of the instructional team and other support staff. This, coupled with our small class size, really helped me improve my skills rapidly and really get to know\xa0my classmates. In fact, I recently finished a freelance job in collaboration with one of those guys. It was a fantastic experience.\nFinally, it is probably pertinent for me to add that as with all similar courses, you get out of the program what you put in. Students really get an opportunity to expand their skillset beyond what is in the syllabus\xa0if they choose to do so. In my time as Instructional Associate, and as a student, I really saw the difference passion and commitment can make in a program like this one.\nI\'m currently working in Hong Kong as a developer, taking full advantage of the geographically transferable skills that I now possess.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The User Experience Design Immersive Program was intensive and covered most of the common practices in the industry, it was more than good to prepare students for the real world experience. I would not say that the modules were completely thorough or in depth but you could not ask for more from a 10 week program. You have to do a lot of studying at your own time. Having said that, you will not believe what you accomplish in that short span. I enjoyed every bit of it. I enjoyed the pace, I loved the intensity of the course, the speed the programs were planned through the weeks, the culture they have created throughout the campus that made me feel so comfortable with everyone. We learned various techniques, we explored useful resources, we learnt to use multiple softwares, tools and applications. Our instructors were very supportive throughout the program and they guided us every step of the way. Moreover, the experience of being at General Assembly\xa0Seattle was amazing. From the moment you walk in that front door; the frontliners, the course producers, the instructors, career coaches and all the other students just make you feel as if you\'ve been running the same race and there is no end to it. Perseverance, Determination, Confidence & Commitment are the tools that will get you through this course.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., You\'ll learn an amazing foundation and an awesome start to a UX career. Amazing instructors and people to help you along the way, and an incredible community to be a part of.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., So happy with the GA User Experience Design Immersive\xa0program in Seattle. The staff and instructors are\xa0fantastic people to work with.\xa0They have\xa0a lot of\xa0expertise to offer. The course is a major full time learning commitment but through the hands on projects and close advising of the instructors I feel I\'ve gained more UX experience in 10 weeks than I thought would be possible. Also working with a great group of committed students helped me make\xa0some\xa0invaluable connections.\xa0Give it your all, you\'ll be thrilled\xa0by what you\'ve learned, what\xa0you can do, and what is possible\xa0at the end of the 10 weeks in this program.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I\'ve taken several bootcamp classes and workshops, and am currently 6 weeks into the Digital Marketing Part Time program. The bootcamp classes are crash corses into a particular subject such as Google Analytics and Google AdWords tought by people who actually do this for a living! Well planned, really good use of my limited personal time, and tons of additional resources so you can continue to practice the tools and continue learning and fine tuning once class is done. I love the weekend bootcamp classes, even though they are during the summer.\xa0\nThe Digital Marketing 10-week course is a great deal of information that is relevant to today\'s tech jobs! If you look up descriptions for digital marketing jobs you\'ll see a vast majority of these skills and tools you need that\'s covered in this course. I highly recommend. Pre-work and homework solidifies what you learn and additional resources are provided with each class. My instructors Kim and Quison are amazing, down to earth and very willing to put up with tons of questions!\xa0\nI browse General Assembly\'s website a few times a week to see what new classes and workshops and events they have that I can use to build my professional skillset. And gotta love the brain boosting oatmeal and constant hot coffee and tea on each of their floors. (super clean fridges and mini-kitchens too!)\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took the part-time Data Science course in the summer of 2014, and it changed my life for the better.\xa0As a non-programmer,\xa0I spent a significant time preparing for the class by doing all the pre-course work. I highly recommend it as the students that appeared to struggle in the class clearly didn\'t have any foundation in Python and hadn\'t completed all the tutorials. I really immersed myself in the projects and assignments, and came out of the class with a really strong foundation in Python and machine learning techniques. My teachers were supportive and found ways for me to encourage exploring beyond the course material.\xa0At the end of the class, I still might not have\xa0considered myself truly "proficient" in Python or machine learning, but I definitely\xa0got all the information I needed to\xa0self-learn. I think that is the true indicator of a good introductory course -- that you have a high level of confidence that you can continue learning on your own. All in all, I highly recommend and the GA space / environment / people are very warm and welcoming.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The\xa0Web Development Immersive\xa0class at General Assembly was a\xa0life-changer\xa0for me—this\xa0despite the fact that I\'m already well down life\'s road. ; - ) Actually, it\'s no doubt\xa0because\xa0I\'m beyond the average student age\xa0that I was able to take it all so seriously, and take so much\xa0from\xa0it.\xa0\nGranted, I did somewhat cherry-pick my favorite parts of coding—i.e., JavaScript, HTML, and CSS—but doing so was all to the good. Having a\xa0wide expanse of offerings during the three-month WDI class afforded me the opportunity to see where my interests and\xa0background\xa0were best suited, so that my nascent skills could grow in the right garden.\nThe GA campus itself is wonderfully conducive to learning; and the administrators are knowledgable, hardworking, and delightfully\xa0friendly. (BTW, I don\'t have any stars for Job Assistance yet because I have yet to take advantage of this service.)\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., As someone who\'d spent about 3 years self-learning programming as a hobby, knew I wanted to transition to software/web development as a career, but didn\'t have much exposure to web development, the Web Development Immersive course put me in a position to capitalize on the great opportunity it presented.\r\n\r\nThe curriculum was packed with useful exercises and well taught lessons by instructors that understood what they were teaching and were always willing to help ensure students had all the help they needed.  Because this course covers so much information in a short time, it requires hard work to pay close attention, study and research to make sure you understand topics at a micro level.  Understanding and completing exercises the right way is key to success; taking shortcuts is not advised.  The multiple programming challenges each week were super helpful to hone programming chops while also further imprinting the content learned.\r\n\r\nOutcomes was great throughout and provided useful resources and advice on how to approach the job search/interview process.  The GA employees I encountered (not limited to instructors) were super nice and left me feeling that they are good people.  The course producer and instructors were always eager to listen to any constructive feedback given so that they can improve for current/future courses.\r\n\r\nOverall, I\'d classify my experience in the Web Development Immersive as being excellent.This Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., I am currently\xa0a product manager. I took the class\xa0to be more effective in my role, understand the products I\'m working on better, and have fun on the side being able to build my own websites.\nThe class gave me\xa0those things\xa0and more.\xa0I\xa0refer to what I learned\xa0when talking to our engineering team about a feature, or when talking to our customers who are also Front End engineers.\nAlso, my instructors and\xa0classmates were impressive and I\xa0enjoyed getting to know them. I am still friends with one of the instructors.\xa0\nInteresting mix of backgrounds which made for great discussions in class.\xa0Awesome experience\xa0- thanks GA.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., TL:DR - An epic summer, it was a great 3 months and i became a web developer. It was difficult, it was intense, at times stressful, but ultimately a lot of fun. And, i left with a job at a great startup in London\'s tech sector.\nI chose General Assembly because the people were open, honest, were great teachers, very skilled developers\xa0and fun to be around. You\'ll be working there for 3months, fulltime, so you\'ve got to enjoy it.\xa0\nIt was a very hands-on course and focused on building good\xa0websites.\xa0\xa0We started, from day one, using tools and techniques I now use on a daily basis as a web developer. There were computer science fundmentals, how to write good ruby and javascript code,\xa0and how to use\xa0modern tools to create complex websites. We learnt all of it because we\xa0actually created\xa0websites (and these were\xa0our\xa0portfolios to get a job).\nGeneral Assembly also\xa0put a huge amount of effort into giving\xa0students the best learning environment. There are tutors to help students in the evenings, after classes. There are experienced teachers, all of whom are active developers and know the latest technologies. And, their community is massive; you will gain\xa0a lot of contacts.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate.]', "[After much research and consideration I joined the GA WDI course in London in Spring 2014. \xa0The course was incredibly intense - but we had a great set of teachers, an in class teaching assistant and past students who came by in the evenings to help out with homework. There was a huge amount to cover and it was intellectually and emotionally challenging - but there was always someone there to offer feedback or hear my and other students thoughts on the course. The work itself was interesting and there were different levels so that you could always push yourself to the limit. \xa0The classes were a mixture of lectures, follow along coding sessions and free coding in groups of students. \xa0Every day and weekend was finished off with homework which helped cement the days knowledge. The course did a great job of covering the skills necessary to get a job.\n\nI had a great three months and still catch up with other students. \xa0Since the course my career has gone very well. GA helped provide connections and meeting with companies hiring as well as tips on how to write a cv, perform in an interview and negotiate salary. These all helped getting the first job. \xa0Even better was that there was help and advice on hand at any point. \xa0Even after graduating they were around to offer tips and help students change jobs if they needed. I’m on my second job and am continuing to progress.\n\nThe course changed my career and life and to pay back I go back regularly to talk to past students and to help out where I can. \xa0I can highly recommend GA WDI in terms of the people, the instructors and the overall quality.\n\nWhile I did the course I wrote a blog and have followed that up with regular posts about my career and where I have got to which might be interesting for future students: http://mikemjharris.tumblr.com/\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Before attending General Assembly, I had applied to, interviewed with, and got accepted to several other bootcamps. They had distinct approaches to what they taught, how they taught it, and how they helped grads once the course was over. In the end, I chose to attend General Assembly because they were by far the most passionate about their mission of not only educating students and\xa0helping them find a job afterwards but also building a community that one can become a part of. The tech industry can sometimes be a lonely place, especially if one is coming from another career or is of a certain age. These obstacles are tackled by General Assembly, as they have the most diverse community of any school I researched. Everyone who works for the school is friendly,\xa0outgoing, and always available. They also do a fantastic job of making sure that those who attend their classes,\xa0workshops, and events will be open-minded and open-armed members of the community. I could not recommend General Assembly more highly and have sent many people I have met their way, whether it be for their short or immersive courses.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I currently work for a very prestigious software consultancy and I wouldn't be where I am now without the WDI course GA offers.\nBootcamp has been the best thing I have done for myself, it was tough, at times I didn't think I was cut out for it, but I enjoyed immensely every bit of it. In hindsight wouldn't change anything other than ensuring that I completed the whole of pre-work prior to the course. I had to have a lot of help from the instructors to make up for some gaps which wouldn't have been there otherwise.\nAt the end of the course, we showcased our final projects to potential employers at a dedicated event, where students were positively out-numbered. As a result of that, I had quite a few interviews and 3 job offers! I got to choose where to start my web development career.\xa0From what I understand the\xa0curriculum has evolved with heavier\xa0focus on JavaScript, which means that\xa0current\xa0grads are even better equipped for the jobs in the industry.\nI have\xa0had a great start to my career and couldn't have done it without GA.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I am writing this review as a past student at GA, as well as a current instructor. I took a part-time front end development class at GA several years ago. I am a UX designer, and though I could hack together some code, I lacked a foundation of knowledge. The most valuable aspect of my time in this course was one-on-one time with the instructor - even if it was for a few minutes, I learned so many things that would be difficult to figure out from my own self-taught methods. That is the value that GA brings above all else- instructors who are day-to-day practicioners and can relay the most current and relevant information to their students.\nAs an instructor for the UX Design course, I have tried to apply this as much as possible. The curriculum sets a strong foundation to take skills into the world, but I can really see the magic happen with students when I show examples of my own work, or give them a tip that will instantly add tangible, practical skill to their toolset.\nAt GA, you get out what you put in. Those looking for a foundational knowledge of the topic will get it, and leave with a strong understanding of concepts, terminology, and processes. Students who want to take it a step further for a career change will have to put in more time, but will have the very best resources at their disposal to make it happen.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Having deciced to leave my previous job in Commodities\xa0Trading, it is fair to say I didn't fully know what to expect from my time as a WDI student. As it turned out it was initially tough, then much harder and finally, after a lot of hard work, incredibly rewarding!\xa0Without doubt, the best career decision I have ever made.\nThe course is called 'Immersive' for a good reason - you are thrown straight in at the deep end, smashing out code from day one and whilst\xa0it is\xa0initially quite overwealming, you find yourself week on week amazing yourself with how much you learn in such a short space of time.\xa0There is a heavy emphasis on 'job skills' over theory and abstract computer science which as a career changer, was exactly what I was hoping for.\xa0\xa0\nThe standard of teaching is excellent - smart, confident industry professionals who know what life is like at the coal face of software development. I certainly wasn't 'top of the class' on the course, but\xa0there was always willing and friendly\xa0support on hand pretty much 24/7 to keep me on track.\xa0\nOne of the best things about GA is the after course experience - you aren't just dumped in the job market and left to your own devices, rather there is dedicated team helping you along the way with interviews, CVs and setting up meetings with eager employers.\xa0My final project was impressive enough to get me my first front-end job with Penguin Books at a GA hiring event and since have worked for agencies, a fin-tech startup and today at a FTSE100 retailer, building complex webapps, handling literally millions of hits a day.\nComing up to three years on from graduation, I still stay in touch with a lot of my coursemates, tutors and\xa0the wider GA gang - I would, and have, wholeheartly recommend the WDI course to anyone wanting to fasttrack themselves into the world of web development!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the Web Development Immersive course in April 2014 and I can honestly say it completely changed my career and propsects for the better.\nI came into the course with minimal coding knowledge (but did complete all of the pre-work assignments leading up to the course) and within 8 days of finishing WDI had found a job as a full-time web developer. Nearly two years on I'm still working as a Frontend Developer and have never been so excited about my future.\nThe course itself is intense to say the least, but you get out what you put in. If you want a surface level course that will go a an easy pace, this is not the one for you. But if you want to challenge yourself,\xa0learn true programming concepts that span multiple languages and are serious about becoming a web developer\xa0General Assembly's WDI course is a must.\nGeneral Assembly as a company are great too. They work hard to keep the community together and host parties every month for alumni, instructors, employees and prospective students. This means that you're not just thrown out into the big bad world after you finish the course. You've always got a strong community to integrate with.\nOverall I can't speak highly enough of General Assembly. They've completely altered my career trajectory in a hugely positive way. I can now build experiences that anyone with an internet connection can use and all I need to do it is my laptop.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Ok, so like you I have read everything this site has posted about coding boot camps. \xa0First of all take it with a grain of salt, like a movie review not everyone has the same opinions and thoughts as you do. \xa0With that said my review from WDI here in Washington D.C. \xa0I separted from the Navy to attend this specific coding boot camp, I was also awarded the Oppurtunity Fund that pays for the course. \xa0The 12 week program is seriously no joke in keeping a pace. \xa0Everyday you learn something different from the concept of implementing API's to connecting front end languages with back end languages. \xa0Each day seems more daunting and does not seem to be enough time in the day to ask questions and get the work done. \xa0But that is the thing, you are not expected to complete all assignments, however with that said you are expecting to time box everything. \xa0Work on something, get stuck, take a break, come back and own it. \xa0Do not dwell on one problem for to long, there will be time to ask quesitons why something was not working. \xa0My only, I would not say pet peeve, annoyance was that Javascript was not covered as much as some of us thought it would be. \xa0Your prework was the gamit of what you learn. \xa0So in order to be a total bad ass and rock out, do as much Code Academy, Free Code Camp an any other free online training. \xa0Yes it sucks I know however it will seriously only help you, that you can trust me on. \xa0Come into the program hungry to learn to program not thirsty to get that big paycheck. \xa0On the finding a job note, yes GA, at least in DC, will do everything they can to help you find an awesome position. \xa0However you need to bring your A game and do your part. \xa0I had some people in my class complain that the Outcomes team was either not doing enough or was not doing what they needed. \xa0Well you come to a coding boot camp to learn programming PLUS what employers are looking for, the Outcomes team can not and will not hold your hand. \xa0My experiance with them was different and everything worked out after I stopped and just focused on my skills. \xa0I work part time right now, however I work in Cyber Security which is where I wanted to be. \xa0The company that brought me on said they wanted to bring me on because of my programming experiance but did not have a position open so they asked if I was interested in part time and I jumped on it. \xa0Find a programming stack you enjoy and look for a position alinged with that, do not pick a job with the highest paycheck. \xa0You need to learn first trust me. \xa0I literally go to work excited, armed with the skills I learned in the Military and at General Assembly. \xa0You just have to want this. \xa0On another note to any veterans interested in General Assembly or any other coding boot camp in Washington D.C. I have only this, do not expect these companies to hire you because you are a veteran they do not care. \xa0They want only veterans with degrees no matter your skill level. \xa0Be prepared to hear that a lot, however with that said if you stay out of the government spot light and go private sector you will do fine trust me.\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I took the 7th WDI course in NYC at GA and it was a life changing experience. It was extremely difficult, not just mentally and physically but emotionally.\nI put in about 18 hr days often including the weekends and gave it everything I had. I got what I put in. My instructors were phenomenal and taught me from basically no programming experience and all the essentials of programming mentality, data structures, how the internet works, HTTP, RESTful API, hitting external API's on the backend, scraping, AJAX, responsive design, HTML/CSS, ruby, rails, javascript, jQuery, etc.\nWe learned JavaScript in 2 weeks and by the 3rd week I was able to create a JS side scrolling action game using a game engine library they had never taught.\xa0\nTo this day I still share a bond with many of my classmates as we forged through the experience together.\nA year after graduating, I had gotten a job as a junior developer (on an entire tech stack I had never once learned) and eventually got promoted to run the entire engineering team of 10. We successfully scaled out our flagship product tripling daily revenue, hitting +100k DAU's and eventually GA called me back to teach as a lead instructor.\nIt's been a wild ride but I owe so much not just to the program, but the people. My instructors were quite simply amazing.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., I graduated from GA’s Digital Marketing course in 2013 and their Intro to SQL in 2014 and can honestly say that GA’s courses are great.\nThe content is robust, the teachers are of a high quality and the timings make sense for the full time employed, but what really makes GA stand out is their after care and the community they’ve built. It’s one thing to go and learn a new skill, it’s completely another to try to get a job afterwards. But not with GA. There’s a ton of networking opportunities and meet and greets with hungry startups waiting to snap up fresh talent.\nI’ve gone on to hire GA graduates, who’ve then gone on to start startups, who’ve then gone on to hire GA graduates :)\nI’m still in touch with many of my classmates and the community at large is always willing to help out – that is priceless.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took WDI in London in 2013 as the second course they ever ran. I had no prior coding experience other than the pre-course work they assigned me, as I was working as a historian for English Heritage at the time. Going in, I was super nervous, but quickly found that everyone in the course was more or less in the same position. We were all there to learn from scratch, and that's exactly what we did.\n\r\nThose 3 months were some\xa0of the most intense months of my life and some of the best. We worked insanely\xa0hard, all day every day, often worked (and partied)\xa0late into the night. It was really tough, sometimes confusing, always challenging, but\xa0by the end of it we all could call ourselves developers. My course curriculum was very different to what the current course is today, and by all accounts I hear it is vastly improved (we learned very little javascript back then, which would have been a huge asset to me now). But the foundations I learned in Ruby on Rails completely set me up for my career as a developer.\nI got multiple job offers straight out of the course, and now 3 years later I'm working for an incredible creative agency as a Front End Developer making movie websites. I even got to help build the official Star Wars website last year for The Force Awakens!\n\r\nGeneral Assembly isn't just a course, it's about taking control of your skillset and\xa0your career\xa0and going into an industry where you can solve puzzles every day and get paid to do it. With GA you get the opportunity to learn some truly awesome, relevant skills, meet a new family of people, be mentored by passionate and brilliant instructors, and get access to an international community of developers, designers, marketers, product managers and data scientists\xa0for the rest of your life. It's a fantastic course, an amazing network, and if you are serious about changing the course of your career, I highly recommend GA as your first step towards success.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly's Web Design Circuit is amazing!\xa0It was my first real deep dive into the world of programming and I was delighted to learn with some of the most inspiring, creative, and entrepreneurial\xa0minded\xa0people. GA's staff is incredibly thoughtful and patient (thank goodness because I was so new to all the concepts!). Our teachers\xa0presented the modules\xa0in a logical and fun manner that built upon each week's lesson. Learn should be fun, right?!\xa0\xa0Every online classrroom experience\xa0of the Circuits course unllocked another creative possiblilty that I could tangibly create in my multiple\xa0lines of code. I couldn't be happier with my experience or\xa0what I created as a result of going through the Circuits course. Thanks, GA!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Great instructors, couldn't have asked for better people to learn from.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate.]", '[I signed up for the Web Development Immersive course with no prior development experience.\nThe admissions process checked for basic qualities.\xa0Can you think logically? How serious are you about doing this?\nWe were given small projects to complete at home. Make sure to do these, otherwise you will likely struggle when the course starts.\nYou can expect to work 12hrs a day, Monday-Saturday. It\'s tough,\xa0but there\'s a strong support network. Instructors, alumna, and your peers have your back\xa024-7. Each class defines their own culture and values -\xa0my cohort had a fantastic\xa0camaraderie.\nThis course is 3 months long, however you should manage your expectations. This is the beginning of your journey. Yes - you can come out with the competency of a\xa0junior developer - but the learning doesn\'t stop.\nIt\'s been 2 years since I completed my WDI course.\xa0\xa0General Assembly is still providing value to me now with it\'s\xa0global alumni network and followup events. I went on to code for a few startups, and\xa0subcontract\xa0for the likes of Google and Skype as a Technical PM. I\'ve now founded a company called Fromigo - a\xa0marketplace of tours and activities by local people.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I enrolled in the Web Development Immersive at General Assembly in summer 2014. Given my Industrial Engineering background \xa0+ work in consulting I was a bit skeptical of the program\'s promise to truly bring you up to speed in 12 weeks on being able to get a full time job. My headline for review is: WDI is incredibly valuable, there is 0 minutes wasted on useless topics, everything is practical and a necessary block needed in progression towards becoming a junior developer.\xa0\nFaculty:\xa0The highlight for me was the dedicated faculty (2 instructors per class + 1/2 TAs) who would come to class extremely prepared, run each session as a working session (vs. lecturing at you) and be prepared to stay through the evening as you are going through the daily exercises. The faculty really lives and breathes your success and holds that as a KPI. This is something I could never say about many of my undergraduate professors. They were also extremely good at their job and very up-to-date on what is being used and most relevant in the industry today.\nClassmates: It is a very fun and engaging environment. The class sizes are much smaller than normal university which means you get to really know the people you are studying with. There\'s a lot to be learnt from your classmates throughout the 12 weeks but also during project weeks.\xa0\nRelevance: The WDI team constantly updates the curriculum to make sure students are equipt with the latest talent requirements in the industry. Don\'t be surprised if the curriculum you will take is a bid different than years before -- it is all changes made to student\'s benefits with the aim of getting us junior developer jobs.\xa0\nOutcome: Almost everyone in my class was able to find junior dev jobs 1-3 months post graduation. Others who were interested in becoming a more technical PM, also found WDI useful in giving them credibility needed to deal with engineering teams. I have since had 3 close friends enroll in the program and all happily found great jobs after.\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I have been looking for one of the courses that I can study during my visit to US and my firends who live\xa0in Boston told me that Generalassambley is a good option. I did not have a chance to apply to full courses because of my current studies and I have tried applying for part time. I have filled first document from their website and they replied me that one of their representetives will get\xa0in touch with me.This person send me an email to mark a day and an hour that both of us are available. I did exactly what they asked me for and I got an email that my apointment is confirmed. Hence, when the day arrived no body called my and I have decided to number that exist in the mail. When I called her I told that I have an appointment and gave my name but she told me that she already made an appointment with somebody else , however she can call me back half an hour later. I have waited one hour but she didn\'t call me. I called the other numbers that exists on their web side and I call same person also but nobody asnwered. Next day she send me an email that she didnt understand my name but she was waiting for me... It was a compelete lie because she got my number.\xa0if she wanted to call me she could.\n\xa0 Finally, I tought that it might be a bussy day for them and I made another appoitment with same person another day at 2:30pm but samething happened one moretime. This responsible person called me at 6pm. I dont even remember wether it was the same day or the next day. In these two days I have already apllied for another school\xa0and same day called me and I applied for the school.\xa0\n\xa0It is very unfortunate for companies that most of the people are fighting really hard to do something good and everyting goes wrong just beacause of one person.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., I walked away from the General Assembly course with a vague but imcomplete understanding of what data science could do. Many important subject were not covered, and those covered were taught poorly.\nThe instructor was often unfamiliar with the material and couldn\'t answer many of the students\' questions. He would show up to class unprepared to explain his slides.\nThe General Assembly staff members took weeks and multiple follow-ups to reply to my emails - including about how to give them the money to reserve a place in the class!\nOverall, I was disappointed and frustrated.\nThis Review Is Helpful11Flag as inappropriate., For me, General Assembly was an experience about which I have mixed feelings. Doing an immersive course with little experience and sitting next to people with vast amounts of experience with code was a nightmare. The curriculum cannot adapt to such a disparity of knowledge, and for the amount of money you pay this is not good enough.\n\r\nThe instructors were great, encouraging those with little knowledge to keep trying, but it quickly became overwhelming. The atmosphere was mostly convival with drinks and snacks to end the week, but - and this is probably indicative of the tech industry as a whole - GA seemed to be obssessed with youth. From their marketing to success stories, the age of those graduates was always\xa0heavily underscored.\n\r\nMy advice? Have HTML/CSS/Javascript down to an intermediate level. The pre course materials won\'t prepare you enough for how quickly and deeply you dive in once you begin studying. Alternatively, do a part-time course instead and build your knowledge over a longer period, this will allow more time to process and practice the skills you learn.\nThis Review Is Helpful29Flag as inappropriate., I do not recomend anyone to take any immersive bootcamp with no knowleadge. Honestly, this kind of knowleadge requires a lot of repetition and practice. My advise is do as follows:\n1) learn Fast Typing. If you don\'t know how to type fast, a good free website is www.Typingclub.com It is veeeery important to keep your attention on the screen when coding, rateher that shifting your attention to the keyboard.\n2)Finish ALL of\xa0the folowing free websites certifications:\xa0\n\xa0 \xa0\xa0a)All of the certificates of\xa0www.freecodecamp.com.\n\xa0 \xa0 b)After finished with freecodecamp, then start from scratch and do all of the tutorials at\xa0www.codeschool.com .\xa0Yes, do the same thing you did on the previous website,\xa0AGAIN; take the Javascript course as if it was the first time you have ever seen Javascript; be patient, it may seem repetitive\xa0and tedious at first, but it is worth it, it is practice. Remember the baseball players have to practice easy throws for many hours beforfe being able to perform good in a MLB game.\xa0Finish all free courses in the following order: HTML/CSS, Javascript, JQuery, comand line, RubyOnRails, learnGIT.\n\xa0 \xa0 c) My recomendation is to even take all the free courses on \xa0www.codecademy.com\xa0as well; Yes, all of the from scratch. why? at that point you should be ablke to just fly through all the excescises and lessons and finish thye entire body of lessons in a matter of a week. On every website you will find a new piece of information that was not covered by the others.\xa0\n* it would be even a good ide if you are spending over $10,000 in a bootcamp to pay for a $20 membership at one of those site to get opremium access to other lessons that will prepare you even better. Trust me, payin extra $20 for a couple of months will make you take a really good advantage when you start you $10k bootcamp.\n\xa0\n3) \xa0Then, and ONLY THEN, enroll in a 3-month on-site intensive immersive bootcamp.\xa0\n4) Most likely, the school will require for you to work on a pre-course project to get you up to speed by the time the actual bootcamp starts. you should be able to finish the pre-course assigments in half the time of the other students. Normally that is a 40-hours period\xa0you must dedicate to finish the pre-requisite before starting class. If there is a waiting list and you can;t start right away,\xa0\xa0keep\xa0practicing\xa0on sites such as www.codewars.com. Also learn how to work with the developers tools such as the inspector\xa0from google and mozila; codeschool.com has a really good tutorial on their website for that.\xa0\n\xa0\nNow let me warn you:\xa0what you learn in all the self teaching tutorials form those websites, is JUST THE TIP OF THE ICEBERG. By no means are you prepared to apply for any\xa0jobs. It requires A LOT of practice. While in school, make sure to prepare really good portfolio quality projects, that\'s why it is important you come already knowing the basics of coding on each topic by finishing those tutorials. It is hard, it is not easy, but if you come prepared to the bootcamp by finishing all the free online tutorial from those websites,\xa0it will be a very pleasurable and rewarding experience, otherwise it will be very VERY frustrating. \xa0\nSo, plan yourself for 3 months preparing for the 3-4 months long bootcamp to really be able to learn what you need to learn to start a carreer as a developer.\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful108Flag as inappropriate., I took a part-time General Assembly class, just 2 nights per week (for 12 weeks), and learned to confidently construct pixel perfect front-end websites. Having time between the courses left me with the freedom to thoroughly explore each lesson\'s contents while practicing my own implementations.\xa0\nThe teachers (and teacher\'s assistants) were top notch! Soon after completing the course, I became 100% confident in CSS & HTML challenges, and I\'m a bit less intimidated by the challenge of Javascript. In fact, I plan to take another General Assembly course dedicated to JS this coming summer.\nAll in all, the courses may seem a bit pricey, but they are well worth every penny.\nThanks GA!\nAlex\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., I took the Digital Marketing Circuit online and the course fell way below expectations. As background, I came into the course with very little marketing experience or knowledge (I\'m looking to pivot away from my existing, non-marketing profession), however, I am very familiar with the online learning landscape and have taken a variety of online courses through my undergraduate and graduate careers, as well as through MOOCs like Coursera and Lynda. Here\'s a list of my pros and cons:\nPros:\n\nDigital marketing, as a topic, is definitely a useful thing to have in one\'s tool kit\nContent was digestable\nCan be done online, from anywhere\n\nCons:\n\nMinimal downloadable course content. For $750 I expect more than a slim "review" sheet that reads more like a list of definitions with some pretty images, and the assignment worksheets.\nThe course is trying to target too many audiences at once and, in doing so, is a very poor fit for most potential students. As a newbie, I found some of the assignments to assume I knew or had access to certain information that was outside the scope of the class (for example, market data). Yet, if I were a seasoned marketing professional, much of the content would have been useless for me. For example,\xa0spending an entire unit on KPIs and metrics, including explaining the virtues of using a bar graph versus a pie chart to capture certain data, seems really remedial for most people with any marketing background. In other words, it is at once too unrealistic and too basic given the wide swath of audience they say the course is appropriate for.\xa0\nThe PDF files for assignments are clunky. Moreover, they come across as schoolgirl worksheets. While useful for establishing ways to think about an issue and plan strategies, they DO NOT equate to a portfolio that can be presented to potential employers or hosted in an online portfolio as a substitue for work product.\xa0\xa0Also, for ~$15/month you can have access to Lynda courses and download any worksheet like materials (and you can cancel your membership any time). Since this is the primary thing you can download from the course, they simply do not cut muster.\xa0\nGeneral Assembly makes a big deal about the 1:1 mentoring sessions. Here\'s the thing: it\'s the only interaction you\'ll get, and the content is entirely dependent on you. Therefore, each week you have one, thirty minute opportunity to ask questions related to marketing in general,\xa0get feedback on your work, and ask questions about the upcoming material. This strikes me as really odd, particularly for a $750 class. Feedback should be asynchronous. Follow up questions for feedback can be asked during mentoring sessions, but it is a waste of time to utilize scant instructional sessions in this way. I would also point out that the live versions of the GA courses have TAs present at the sessions in addition to office hours.\xa0\nFor a digital marketing course, it surprised me that new digital platforms weren\'t mentioned, such as Vine and Snapchat.\xa0\xa0\nAll of the assignments required\xa0a business and audience for you to work from (you use the same business throughout). You can ask the course produce to give you a model business if you don\'t have one you want to, or can, use. That\'s what I did. Funny thing is, the business wasn\'t well aligned to the assignments. Further, I was given no options or alternative selections.\xa0\nThere are only 4 educational units. The 5th is purely the "final project" which amounts to putting all your other assignments together in a brand new worksheet. Of course, you are encouraged to improve upon your work, or start over from scratch (!), but, essentially, the 5th unit is a bit misleading. Again, this "final project" cannot support portfolio use.\xa0\xa0\nThere\'s no in-course engagement. Participants are busy, so I don\'t blame them/us. But, neither the mentors nor the course produce facilitate conversation, comment on posts, etc.\xa0\xa0\nUnit content and unit quizzes don\'t always align. \xa0\nAs an interesting side note, the number of enrollees who continued posting completed assignments decreased markedly from week to week. In fact, there was nearly a 50% decrease each week. This is significant for two reasons: first, the entire course started with 34 people, of which only 30 posted the first assignment. Second, you can\'t view course content for future units until you have posted the current unit assignment. For example, if I\'m working through unit 2, I can\'t see the course content for 3, 4, or 5 until I post my unit 2 assignment. Until then, everything is locked.\xa0\nThere was something very grating about receiving email surveys requesting a brief review/evaluation of each unit after submitting an assignment when no similar feedback was provided for students (apart from students asking specific questions in mentoring sessions hosted via Zoom). I don\'t know, it seems like if I\'m paying you, I should be guaranteed a few feedback touchpoints. If I\'m paying you, and you\'re asking me for feedback on an assignment I\'ve already completed, that strikes me as out of balance. This sounds awful, I know, but they would have been better off incentivizing me in some way if they were truly interested in my opinion (hey, I did learn something after all).\xa0\n\nOverall, I felt like this was a beta version of a course\xa0packaged\xa0as a high-gloss, cutting edge but tested\xa0program that would provide participants not only with immediately portable skills and knowledge but also true portfolio material. In many ways, it feels like a cheap money maker. I was told by a mentor that the course was put online recently. Having a bit of\xa0background in online education I know that you cannot simply translate existing material for live courses into online settings and expect the same functionality. Truly, though, my impression upon completing the course was that this was a low-cost way for General Assembly to expand their base of customers. Very little thought seems to been given to what online students would walk away with. The actual value proposition is low. You basically work independently, receive minimal feedback (which is entirely dependent upon the questions you ask), walk away with no reference materials apart from the notes you take, and have a pretty useless "portfolio" project that looks like worksheets from high school (sure, it may help you think through things but it is not going to impress anyone).\xa0In essence, you can acquire nearly as much, if not exactly as much, from Lynda. For $750, the return on investment is low. I really wanted to like this program. Sadly, I cannot recommend that anyone else enroll.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful39Flag as inappropriate., For the sake of full disclosure, prior to attending General Assembly, I was an entry-level IT technician and I\'d been coding as an occasional hobby since I was 11 or 12. I took an XHTML and CSS course in 2008 and a semester of Java in 2010. In late 2014, I got serious about having a career in web development and made a habit of studying and writing code for 3-5 hours a day. I started with free tutorials in HTML, CSS, and jQuery, then I focused on pure JavaScript. I also attended meetups and took on small coding tasks at my day job.\nI applied to General Assembly in June 2015. The process included an interview and some prework: completing the Dash tutorial and making an \'About Me\' page. The interview itself involved a logic problem, a typing test, and some basic questions like those one would encounter in a job interview. I did find employment shortly afterwards; I\'ve been with my current employer since the Monday after graduation.\nThey assigned some prework in July; the estimated completion time was about 40 hours. I think that estimate was a bit generous. It took me a couple of days to complete it. YMMV, of course, but I believe that if you have a basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and a little JS then it won\'t take long to complete the prework.\nThe first part of the course was HTML5, CSS3, Sass, and various front-end tools (Bower, Grunt, Gulp, etc). We were given three days to complete our first project. My first project failed miserably because I tried to do way too much, but I will say that I learned a lot from the experience. We were given more time for the other projects.\nThe second part of the course was PostgreSQL, Ruby on Rails with .erb files serving as the front end, and quite a bit of Bootstrap. Most people in the course ended up with a preferred language. I came in loving JavaScript and I came out even more interested in it. Ruby, on the other hand, was almost counterintuitive to me. So I can\'t do that part of the course any justice.\nThe third part was more advanced JavaScript and 3/4 of the MEAN stack. We used Node.js, Express, and MongoDB for the back end. The front end was .ejs, not Angular. The corresponding project was a group project. I enjoyed this part of the course. I started applying for jobs and interviewing after the second project.\nThe fourth part incorporated Angular, along with more JS. For the fourth project, we were given a little more time and had the option to work individually or in a group. I prefer working solo, so I basically holed up at home for the last week of the course and worked on my project.\nAs an aside, it is possible to do well in this course and not have a Mac. They strongly recommend purchasing one, but I couldn\'t afford even the cheapest Mac that met their minimum specs. So I used my trusty Linux laptop with very few problems. The problems I did encounter were solved with some Googling. The good part of that was that I never had to worry about someone mistaking my charger for theirs or vice versa.\nThe good:\n\nA lot of meetup groups and companies hold events there, which is a good opportunity for networking.\nThe course producers and instructors are helpful and genuinely want their students to succeed.\nI had a job offer less than 24 hours after the end of the course.\nWeekly outcomes (job search) workshops.\nFree Red Bull, food, and beer.\nGreat classmates\nAccessible via public transit (but no MARTA student passes)\nCredit towards their workshops\nAlumni discount for future courses and workshops\nA tour of Atlanta Tech Village\n\nThe neutral:\n\nThe guy in charge of Outcomes moved on to a different job a few weeks into my cohort, so the course producers had to take over for him and the weekly Outcomes one-on-ones weren\'t so weekly. His replacement was hired towards the end of the course, and she was extremely kind, helpful, and encouraging, which is why this is under the neutral category.\nGeneral Assembly hasn\'t been in the Atlanta area for that long, so they don\'t necessarily have the hiring network that their more established campuses may have. But this is changing. I got my job through my cohort\'s TA, who in turn got his job through the recommendation of another GA graduate.\nI would have preferred to learn one stack in depth rather than covering two.\n\nThe bad:\n\nCarpal tunnel from the unergonomic tables. I went through a lot of Advil because I was going to finish the course one way or another.\n\nIt definitely would have been possible to learn the same material online and for less money than what I paid GA. This is not a knock on the instructors or the school itself; it\'s simply acknowledging the fact that there\'s a plethora of free documentation and instructional materials for virtually every major development tool, framework, and language out there. I didn\'t choose to attend a bootcamp solely for the technical instruction. I was interested in learning how to build a network, how to interview well, and the other non-technical aspects of breaking into the industry.\n\r\nOverall, my experience with General Assembly was very good. I feel that the 9 months of studying I did before attending allowed me to get a lot more out of the course than I would have otherwise. In order to get the most out of it, I would strongly advise doing as much self-study as possible prior to dropping thousands of dollars on a bootcamp.\nThis Review Is Helpful27Flag as inappropriate., I am a student at GA\'s WDI program in Santa Monica. \xa0I am currently on week 4 of 12.\nThus far, I can say GA Santa Monica has surpassed my expecations. \xa0My background: I\'m a digital marketer/content guy. \xa0 I wanted to learn a hard skill with a lot market upside. \xa0So I started researching coing programs, \xa0GA, has a lot of reviews on yelp and this website. \xa0After some research I went with GA (Santa Monica). \xa0\nGoing in I had fear I would not be able to learn code, that the $13,500 tuition (and time would be a complete waste. \xa0After knowing zero code, after out first project sprint to launch a 2 player game using Javascipt/jQuery/HTML/CSS, I can say the program is working! \xa0Without GA, there;s no way I could make progress I\'ve made. \xa0And I am really proud of my cohort, because we all have worked long nights to make it even this far. \xa0Just know you will: \xa0need to work your ass off, up 12 hour days; but this prgram will turn you into a developer. \xa0Defintely do the pre-work, and get up to speed on Javscript (GA does MEAN stack). \xa0\nOutcomes Department: \xa0I\'m still a sudent, but I think very favorably on the department that preps us towards job placement. \xa0They don\'t hand you jobs, but througought the program they guide you on your resume, linkedin, elevator speech; the best practices to get a job out of this program,\nYou can see my project 1 here:\xa0fleacircus.tv/moviepop\nmy Github:\xa0https://github.com/dskaiser82/proj1\n\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., Admin guy only replies when its relevent to money and ignores other email relating questions about dates etc.\xa0\nThey really take anyone who pays that\'s all.\xa0\xa0They just want your money & very pushy with contract & money transfer. Very unpleasant.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful23Flag as inappropriate., **You want to read this!\nI\'m in a new bootcamp, an ACTUAL bootcamp because I actually feel the pressure and in a good way. The people are encouraging and MOST importantly the technology is new and in demand.\nI found a lot of discouragement for new approaches, and the reasons were justified with "oh its just bad practice and not used in the industry" what lies. The current and certainly much more reputed bootcamp teaches the exact opposite.\nThere\'s nothing special in getting into GA, trust me there isn\'t, no offense to my classmates but some of them didn\'t know what "var" in JavaScript meant, and they managed to get in.\nTowards the latter half, I constantly showed up an hour/maybe more late because i spent the equivalent time learning things that actually will make a difference to my job search (node,angular,react) - lets say i bought 18 courses on Udemy during my time at GA.\nI\'m angered by how the course,teaching and environment is fostered compared to my present bootcamp. Turns out i\'m not the only one who came to this bootcamp after GA because they didn\'t feel confident enough!\nYou will get a job after GA, because the market is just that desperate. Most of the "projects" are you just following some tutorial and show casing it at the end hahaha! All the best getting support if you\'re trying to do something different!\n\r\nIf u complete codecademy/codeschool you\'ve pretty much done about the first 6 weeks of the course, it gets tricky once back end begins, but then again if i reflect it was "made" hard, it really wasn\'t that difficult what we did. Yes, relational DB\'s are difficult for anyone who looks at it the first time but, not impossible.\nI spent most of my time playing catchup , typing code blindly because the instructor was typing fast. So i decided to just listen after some time, and guess what - you\'re told what to do, not why.\nYou learn about "data structures" well touch on in, in the last week, they make it seem like some super hard difficult thing. It\'s not, it\'s linked lists,hash maps are tougher. Data structures are fun, not difficult and they\'re SO important in becoming a great developer.\nYou strive for greatness? don\'t do GA, its a waste of time, get serious and join some of the other top end bootcamps.\nEnd of it, 80% of my cohort got jobs, that doesn\'t mean GA was good hahaha no way, it was WEAK in it\'s curriculum, the market is desperate as I said. While people at GA thrive to make todo lists, which we did haha, other bootcamps warm up with todo lists.\nIf u have experience with backend/LAMP stack and you\'re finding GA hard, i would suggest you re-evaluate your career choices (i\'m never discouraging,not once in my life have i spoken negative about someone, but my distaste for this place grows each day i progress with my current bootcamp)\nWant to hear a funny thing, we had our meet and greet, i met up with a recruiter, he called me and this is what he had to say "other than you and 1-2 others, I doubt anyone will get a job because they just don\'t have the skills". Let it be said that 80% got jobs, so the recruiters prediction didn\'t work, but you get what I mean, MARKET wants, you learn bare minimum.\n\r\nTL;DR GA -> 0 to 40 , you may get a job based on your market, but you won\'t learn anything useful\nThis Review Is Helpful34Flag as inappropriate.]', '[The WDI class moves quickly, so I recommend going in with at least a cursory knowledge of the bash command line, git, and GitHub. They\'ll be covered\xa0in the first week of class, but you\'ll be less likely to panic if you\'ve at least seen them before. Just do some Googling.\nI also recommend Codecademy.com, which gave me a worthwhile\xa0introduction to HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Ruby, all of which were used extensively throughout the class. Take your time and type through the lessons.\nMy instructors were a quartet of\xa0rock stars. Super responsive, never contrived, with cupcakes and sprinkles for all ;)\nI suppose it helped that all our\xa0classmates were\xa0totally awesome. If you come to GA convinced that the world is ending, suspicious of the very technologies you\'re trying to learn, you\'re gonna have a bad time.\xa0But if you come to GA with an open mind and an open heart, you will find a community of real, live humans who routinely take a half-hour chunk out of their\xa0day, not even their\xa0lunch hour, to just sit around in groups and chat. I think that\'s righteous.\nHaving recently completed WDI, I\'m considering branching out into related fields as I begin the job search. I enjoy web design, and it\'ll come in handy no matter where my path goes, but my first love is learning. Possibly the greatest emphasis was placed at GA on knowing how to learn—everyone is different—and\xa0in the Cloud, we are never truly alone ;)\nThe world is changing, and we have work to do.\nPeace!\nThis Review Is Helpful12Flag as inappropriate., For those who have a year or two of software development experience but are having a difficult time making that career leap, GA might be a great resource for you. For others with little to no tech experience, GA is probably not the answer. The problem with the curriculum is they move to fast for someone who is trying to start out in this field. One doesn\'t have the time or resources to\xa0figure something out before they quickly move you onto the next thing.\n\r\nThe community is good and if you\'re in the bootcamp program, there is a good amount of attention you get form engineers and teachers who are willing to help you. Albeit that is not to say you will struggle and feel like things are being thrown at you too fast without being able to understand the micro details, which is essential to the coding process.\n\r\nThe classes that are offered outside of the bootcamp, like the part-time front end class will be a headache if you are trying to actually make a career change. You don\'t get the resources or help you need to make that leap. The TA\'s have little to no teaching experience and are just starting out in the field as developers.\xa0\n\r\nThe problem with GA is they will take on anyone who has the willingness to learn, but do a poor job of delineating those who already have a good amount of experience, and those who have none whatsoever. They will simply take on anyone because they want their business to prosper. \xa0This presents a huge problem, as I see plenty of grads from the bootcamp who are unemployed and struggling because they don\'t have the tools necessary to become software developers.\n\r\nMy best recommendation would be to avoid the part-time classes, and if you have a couple years experience and know your stuff but are having trouble making the career leap, GA would probably be a good bet for you. If you have no coding experience, try Treehouse or get mentorship, and a couple years down the line try out the bootcamp.\xa0\n\r\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful31Flag as inappropriate., This course includes 10 online modules to complete\xa0with a project (excel file) to submit at the end, along with 10 weekly live lectures (that are recorded and can be watched at a later date). The lectures may or may not be directly related to what you\xa0are\xa0learning in the online module that week. You are also supposed to book a 30-minute 1:1 session with a mentor each week to discuss any questions or roadblocks you are facing in completing your modules.\xa0The course costs\xa0$1,250.\nThe first two to three weeks covered nothing but Excel basics and creating various types of charts. For me this was much too easy, but I understand that this was probably to make sure everyone, even total beginners, were on the same page as more experienced folks. Then we moved onto learning SQL, which was helpful (technically\xa0you can get the same info from a CodeAcademy couse for free, but the way it was presented in GA was much more palatable for those with no coding experience). Finally, we focused on design and presentation, which was helpful but also probably covered in any univeristy-level public speaking course.\nYou don\'t really learn any statistical methods other than obtaining the basic mode, median, mean,\xa0and you don\'t learn how to tell what values would be considered\xa0significant.\xa0You do brush the surface of learning\xa0how to analyze data (using pivot tables in Excel), how to chart data\xa0(using\xa0Excel charts), how to\xa0gather data\xa0(using SQL), and how to present data\xa0(using PowerPoint and\xa0presentation skills). And also some color/design theory that helps you\xa0make your charts look good.\nThe worst thing about this course is that there isn\'t a strucured way of getting concrete feedback on your projects. First,\xa0you have to ask for feedback. I guess this is more similar to a real-world situation, but it shouldn\'t be the case when I\'m paying for a course! Even when I asked for feedback by scheduling\xa0Zoom meetings with my mentor, I was not getting any valuable feedback on my projects or the recommedation that I ended up making based on the data. I don\'t think my mentor even looked at my projects, he would just say things like "there are\xa0no right or wrong answers."\xa0At a certain point I stopped scheduling these meetings because they were worthless. They should at least have your mentor grade your project or require that the mentor review your project and come up with some recommendatios to give you.\nThe second-to-worst thing about this course was how it was a bit disorganized.\xa0Maybe it\'s the technical writer in me, but I got to a point where I was so annoyed at the typos and/or minsinformation sent in mass emails, and the often conflicting information given in the instructions for submitting projects that GA really lost credibility for me, and I don\'t know if I\'d recommend it.\xa0Maybe after having a few circuits they\'ll have worked out the kinks.\nIn terms of what they are doing well - the content was good for a beginner,\xa0lectures are interesting, and everyone I\'ve interacted with has been\xa0very nice and willing to help\xa0me understand the material. You can tell that they\'re trying to make this a good course. But you have to be a very specific type of learner (and a total beginner in data analytics)\xa0for this to work for you,\xa0and you have to be willing to beg for feedback, because otherwise you aren\'t going to get any, and you\'re probably not going to get much out of the course.\nThis Review Is Helpful25Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly was my introduction to a coding boot camp and into web development. \xa0I attended and completed their full stack web dev program. \xa0The costs were high and I commuted to DC everyday because I was commited. \xa0I stayed late after class to work on projects with groups or sometimes alone, got and pestered instructors for help, but at the end of the course, yes I know so much more but I felt it was not enough.\nI would say only 25% of the students were capable of what the course had advertised and the rest of the 75% that were left, most of them were just as commited and dedicated but just didn\'t get certain subjects nor gain the proficiency to do it well. \xa0If you were in the 25% great but if you were not, then you were SOL, there is no free repeat and the help you needed were hard to find during the course.\nI would attend somewhere else as the amount of time you just commited is not something you will get back.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful59Flag as inappropriate., Programming has always been a passion of mine and discovering General Assembly has allowed me to gain the skills to turn my passion into a career. Coming from a more technical background through my own self learning, GA gave me\xa0practical application skills. I\'m still amazed that I created three fully fledged web applications each in only one week. Now, I make apps in my spare time with ease as I continue to develop\xa0my skills. Through GA\'s assistance I accepted an offer from Expedia only 2 1/2 months after graduation.\nThis Review Is Helpful11Flag as inappropriate., I recently completed the part time Digital Marketing course at General Assembly in Seattle. I am SO HAPPY I decided to do this - and that is saying something considering that it took place every Saturday for 10 weeks during Seattle\'s sunniest summer ever!\nEverything I knew (before taking this class) I learned on the job. (I am currently working as a marketer for a tech company in Fremont.) I joined GA’s Digital Marketing course to become better at what I do, learn from industry experts, and gain a network of marketers who I can continue to grow with and learn from. The course absolutely lived up to those expectations - and even my co-workers have noticed the positive impact this class has had on what I bring to the team!\nI loved learning from an instructor who is actively working in the industry. She was super knowledgable and clearly cares about her students. It\'s great to know that she is someone I can continue to bounce marketing ideas and challenges off of in the future. During our final presentations (which is great professional experience, by the way!), I also made friends with one of the judges (another industry expert!) who I think will continue to be a great mentor moving forward.\nAnd, of course, I can\'t leave a review without mentioning how happily surprised I was to learn what a wonderful community exists at GA. The staff (Annie in particular) and my fellow students were all so warm and welcoming.\xa0\nI\'ll end this by saying that my company is currently hiring and, based on the content of this course and quality of instruction, I\'d feel very comfortable hiring a GA grad!\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., I took Digital Marketing at General Assembly from March 2015 to June 2015. I loved every moment of it. The curriculum is highly relevant and includes up to the minute material that will really put you in such a great position to be successful as a digital marketer. The instructor and teaching assistants were also highly knowledgeable, very hands on and always willing to help.\nGA isn\'t your typical university. There\'s a certain vibe about it that you will grow to love. It\'s cutting edge, if you will. Coming out of the course, I now work with content marketing, SEO, social media, email marketing -- MANY of the concepts\xa0on a daily basis and it\'s been a huge asset to my business. Most importantly, it\'s helped me lay out a full digital marketing plan.\nThanks GA!!\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., I took the Front End Web a Development course with GA and had such a positive experience. I am a full-time freelancer so the part-time two classes per week schedule worked perfectly for me. My teachers were the head web developers at Nordstrom\xa0and pretty much the coolest guys ever. I learned everything I had hoped to out of the class, and some that I didn\'t even know I would. Now I have an incredible, responsive website portfolio for future clients hosted on GitHub and I did it all in class!\xa010 out of 10 would take another class with the Seattle GA if I wasn\'t moving in a month!\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., My background before I started my journey into web development was in documentary production, journalism and education. I had no clue about where to begin coding digital experiences. Sure, I have some experience with CMS (Content Management System) and some HTML and CSS, but not to the extent I needed in order to build my own web app. Which is where my journey began: I wanted to build a journalism education game app and pitched it at my previous company’s internal hackathon. It was chosen as one of the winning apps, and I got to work with a team of developers producers, and engineers. From that point on, I was hooked on working in the world of apps!\n\xa0\nBefore attending General Assembly’s Web Development Immersive (WDI) course I looked into other institutions and I’m very happy that I chose GA. Not only do I feel like I belong to a strong community of intelligent, hard-working, and supportive employees, students and alumni, I feel like a successful student! I knew about General Assembly while I lived and worked in NYC, and because of my fiancée, who TA’d for the first General Assembly UXDI (User Experience Design Immersive) course in San Francisco. So even though I kind of knew about the great community, I experienced it firsthand when I started the WDI program in Seattle. \xa0\n\xa0\nIt was an intense and sometimes scary ride, but it was worth every moment. I made great friends, colleagues, and had sympathetic course producers and instructors. My instructors have both professional and educational experience. They were very good about gauging class participation and pacing of lessons. I knew that the material being taught is based on what’s being used the in the professional world and the latest technology, so I knew I’d be getting a great return on my investment. \n\nAfter my course, I was offered the Developer-in-Residence (DIR) fellowship and gladly accepted it. I’m very proud to be able to give back to the next cohort and pay it forward using my newfound knowledge and skills. \n\nAfter my DIR fellowship, I’ve been asked to come back as a TA for the 3rd cohort and am thrilled to have recently accepted a full-time Associate Technical Product Manager position at Expedia. Because of General Assembly, not only have I been able to transition into tech, but I have also learned skills I can combine with my previous experiences as a producer to advance my career. Thank you GA!\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., I\xa0was in the first Web Development Immersive (WDI) in Seattle. I am now a Front-End Web Developer at a consulting/creative agency. Before doing this I was in healthcare and I decided to make a career change. I did research on other coding bootcamps around Seattle. I decided to go with GA for a number of reasons. First, the course curriculm was amazing. I learned 3 different stacks in 3 months. Second, the career/networking help they provide during and after the course. I was able to find a job within a month of finishing the course.\xa0Third, the community that GA has in Seattle and around the world. And finally the people that work at GA Seattle. The entire staff at GA Seattle is there to support every student part time or full time. I can now say that I love my job and I am making more money than I ever have thanks to GA. I can say without a doubt that GA changed my life.\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., I recently completed GA\'s Web Development Immersive and am so incredibly glad I discovered the program. For me, it was a positive, uplifting environment where I made incredible friends and connections. The instructors and staff are truly dedicated to helping change peoples\' lives and give them valuable, marketable skills.\n\nI had researched other coding schools, however, none seemed as personable and prestigious as GA. Also, no other school\'s curriculum or course format seemed to fit my needs quite as well.\n\nThat being said, it was no cakewalk; I had very little trace of a life outside of GA for the duration of the three-month course. 10-12 hours each day (in order to successfully retain most of the concepts) is no exaggeration.\n\nI\'m currently in a full-time three-month contract position, and because of the effort I put forth in the immersive, I have very few concerns about attaining my next role. A big theme at GA is "growth mindset" and this is an especially helpful thought pattern for when you\'re feeling less-than-capable.\n\nHowever, before you decide to take the plunge, ask yourself: do I love learning constantly, do I have emotional fortitude (e.g. being comfortable with struggling through concepts daily), am I doing this for the pure joy of building/creating/designing, and am I willing to dedicate three months of my life to coding and sleeping? If yes, then I highly recommend! Good luck!\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., I taught design for a couple of years at Microsoft after 15 years as a product deigner there, and I\'ve been very impressed with the quality of the General Assembly User Experience Design Immersive curriculum in Seattle. Also, the results speak for themselves: most of the previous UXDI grads have found work in the field.\nThis Review Is Helpful13Flag as inappropriate.]', '[I loved my experience at GA. My instructors were invested, knowledgeable and genuinely cared about sending us into the working world prepared. The instructors are constantly iterating on the curriculum, based on student feedback, and market-specific research.\xa0The immersive courses are intense - expect to put in between 70-100 hours a week, depending on the project you\'re working on.\nYou absolutely get out what you put in - if you aren\'t super focused on the course, the immersive is likely not the best fit for you. The UXDI immersive also emphazises group work - that is something to keep in mind when considering UXDI, be prepared to work on a team, with compassion and respect.\xa0Because the UXDI program\xa0encourages project-based work, you leave the program with a work-ready portfolio. GA is an incredibly welcoming community, and one that they encourage you to stay part of beyond your time in class.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful13Flag as inappropriate., I went to GA Seattle WDI (Web Development Immersive) course. It changed my life. Within 1 1/2 months of graduation, I was offered a great job at a company that\'s considered one of the top 5 to work for in the pacific NW. Starting next week I\'ll be a Software Engineer making more than twice what I made in my previous career, and I enjoy the work much more. I can\'t heap enough praise onto the General Assembly Web Development program. Like I said, it\'s changed my life in ways I didn\'t think possible.\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., The WDI experience varies from class to class largely depending on the teachers. There is no standard curriculum across WDI classes, they are put together by the teachers of that class. So people from one WDI class learn things a person from another WDI might not not. There is also no standard pre-work, this too is put together by the teachers for their class. Seeing how this varies from classes in one location, I can only imagine the difference compared to several locations.\nCredit the folks at GA for being very quick to make adjustments based on the student feedback. It’s great to know they do listen to the feedback, and are constantly making adjustments, but it doesn’t change what you’ve missed out on.\xa0\nGA is fitting so much into 3 months, there is so much taught at a very quick pace, some things are squeezed in so while “covered” it’s not really a learning experience.\xa0\nThe overall WDI learning experience also depends on if you’re starting with prior experience with at least one or two languages. The pre-work was not adequate preparation for the class if you were starting with no experience. Before starting WDI, it would be best to spend a couple of months at least becoming familiar with JS and Ruby, you will be setting yourself up for\xa0a much better learning experience. If you need extra assistance/time with a teacher you’re out of luck, this was not something available to students.\nThey have some terrific teachers and several not so terrific teachers. People can be highly qualified skill-wise but this doesn’t necessarily make them a good teacher. Additionally, they have many teachers who are only recently out of their WDI program. Like most learning situations, the teacher has a big impact on the learning experience. When you need to learn in 3 months, and don\'t get a do-over, it\'s a big drawback to have a not-so-good teacher for the 3 months.\xa0\nWDI is a grueling program that can be truly amazing and rewarding if you’re lucky to have quality teachers.\xa0It’s a very comfortable environment, which is important since you’re there from morning to evening. Their emphasis on “community” is great. If you’re not starting with a good amount of prior experience you will need to be fully committed for the 3 months. The majority of students who took the program with no prior experience finish and still need to learn while those who took the program with some prior experience are ready and able to land jobs.\xa0\nThere is a weekly session with a career person but once the program ends, aside from some shared leads, you feel like you’re on your own in the job search. Which can be intimidating when you’re trying to land that first job as a developer and you see the job posts which make you feel like you\'re not qualified for the job.\nI have no regrets about taking WDI but I also wish I would’ve known what I now do. GA can be a great experience but depending upon your learning style and needs it might not be best for everyone. There’s no way I would have the knowledge I gained in the 3 months if I was learning on my own but learning more about other bootcamps, I can think of at least one that would’ve better suited my learning style and needs.\nThis Review Is Helpful29Flag as inappropriate., I took to the nighttime FEWD course at GA\'s SF campus. I thought the first 2 curriculum sections (HTML and CSS) were\xa0good. The teachers explained the concepts well and had us apply new concepts\xa0to projects.\xa0However, the last section covering JS was very difficult and the curriculum was not in depth, leaving the majority of the students lost in the last 3rd of the course. GA should have realized that JS was a much more difficult concept to grasp and created more material for students to read, create\xa0better practice projects and so forth.\nOver all it was a good intro\xa0class for frontend web development. Most people weren\'t looking to switch careers, just up-level their current skill set.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful13Flag as inappropriate., GA scaled too quickly.. it seems to me that instructors are overworked.. use poorly designed courses, in many cases the code challenge had some bugs in it.. and wasn\'t the most useful.. the videos weren\'t the best at explaining things..\xa0\nI only learned something mostly in the live lectures where you could ask quesitons.. doing it through email was difficult to get a response I could understand.\xa0\nexpensive for what you get..\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful14Flag as inappropriate., I didn\'t have a great experience. \xa0I was really pressured to sign up and was assured multiple times that I did not need Adobe CC experience - which for this class was just not the case. \xa0I think if I had some level of comfort with Photoshop and Illustrator, I would have enjoyed the class more.\xa0\nI thought the business strategy was basic - and my instructor was pretty terrible. \xa0He has lots of skill and experience, but those two things combined do not always make a good teacher.\xa0\nOverall, a massive waste of my time and money. \xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful19Flag as inappropriate., I took a one day course to get a review, which wasn\'t that great. A few students left before the class ended with\xa0hours to spare. I think the guy was very knowledgeable about Analytics but couldn\'t teach worth a dime.\xa0\nI looked into their\xa0digi marketing program and was considering that but declinced to move forward after speaking to a couple of reps. The first was very wishy-washy in her statements and contradictory. I spoke to another rep upon request. She was better, but I could tell a lot of her answers seemed made up on the spot. I\'m comparing this program to other programs and continuing to look. Here are some things that should be readily available for prospective students:\xa0\n-feedback from random graduates who can be emailed.\n-success rate of students who intended to find work afterwards and actually got placed, inclusive of data on part timers, contract, and full-time.\nAfter checking out the digital marketing\xa0teacher and not being very impressed (no website and almost zilch on social media presence), I realized that it was initially supposed to be a female teacher. Now it\'s been switched to\xa0a male teacher who was probably brought in the last minute, which would explain why he didn\'t have much of an online presence. Not very appealing when the subject to be taught includes social media. FYI, I\'ve read quite a bit on these start-up bootcamps (very low barrier to entry) and the digital marketing programs seemed to be treated as an afterthought, including the amount of teaching practice, or lack thereof, that these instructors have. Not to mention that the founders have no background in education as a past interest or career.\xa0\xa0It seems I\'ll have to patchwork the coursework I need from different places. I\'m looking at Stanford, Duke, Berkeley, and MarketMotive next. Here\'s something to read on:\xa0http://www.fastcompany.com/3023456/become-an-ios-developer-in-8-weeks-the-truth-about-hack-schools\nRegarding bootcamps for coders:\xa0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-U5D4RSHRI&feature=youtu.be\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., Maybe it was the particular representative\xa0who forgot to attend charm school, but this place really rubbed me the wrong way.\nHere I was, all set to attend an informational session and ready to shell out big bucks for continuing education. \xa0And then, prior to the informational session,\xa0I get a phone call from the head of admissions demanding to *screen* me and know about my profession before letting me attend the informational session, even though this information should have been clear from my LinkedIn profile and company URL!!!!\nI should mention a couple of things about my "profession" and "background": I\'m CEO of a software company with a graduate degree in computer science. \xa0And my name is obviously foreign-sounding.\nI do believe these people discriminate based on some factors that are not clear.\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful14Flag as inappropriate., It\'s definitely a difficult path...but rewarding if you put in the time and effort. General Assembly fosters a community that thrives off of on another and also pushes young programmers towards a job that they will treasure. I had literally the best group of instructors in the school\'s history, not to mention being put amognst a brilliant crop of students. The 9-5 12 week schedule is rough, but there are some days off in between. We learn Ruby, SQL with Postgres, Testing with Rspec, Cucumber and Jasmine, Sinatra, Rails, HTML, CSS, Javascript, jQuery, Underscore and Backbone. They do a lot also with the Job Search Standup to try and get you jobs, but you should be prepared to do a considerable amount of work on your own as well. I would recommend the WDI program to everyone.\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., I think back fondly of my time at GA and my classmates and instructors altho\xa0I found the experience\xa0stressful and physically taxing at the time. \xa0I would say peoples experiance during the course varies very widly depending on the insturctors, you really don\'t know what you are going to get coming in. \xa0Some of them are better with code, some of them are better with teaching, some of them are better with dealing with people. \xa0Different groups of students have different needs. \xa0I will say that they do take feedback seriously and pivot fast to meet needs of group. \xa0\xa0\nWhen it comes to results the\xa0sales people said\xa099 - 95 percent get jobs. \xa0So far this has shown to be\xa0almost true, I would say 6 months later\xa0maybe 70\xa0- 80% are working either in internship or job. \xa0They have a phenominal\xa0support program in place but it is still on you to get yourself hired, and it difficult to break into this industry. \xa0Those who obtain employment work very hard at getting it, employers do not generally trust someone without real paid programming\xa0experiance. \xa0When the course is over you will be exhuasted but still have a lot of work to do.\xa0Its also important to mention that where you were in life before taking the course does still have bearing on your employability. \xa0This is not direct ticket to a career, you have to find a way to differentiate yourself, these bootcamps are pumping people out onto the job market at an excellerated rate.\nI definatly feel more part of the tech industry. \xa0They did give me many\xa0skills and knowledge\xa0necessary to access it in a short timeframe, I dont think I could have learned so\xa0fast any other way.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., For validty and Gravitas I need to mention that I have a background in teaching the STEM sciences. That being said, the experience at General Assembly was far below SUB STANDARD and HERE\xa0is why:\r\n\xa0 \xa0 \xa01. The course producers had/have no experience in teaching, curriculum design, or coding....Let me reiterate....the people designing the courses have no prior experience, education, or training. \xa0My original course producer I saw only once in 3 months. \xa0Another\xa0course producer quit without notice, leaving our class without this support\xa0for a\xa0month. \xa0A handfull of students would regularly meet with the staff to provide viable simple solutions to recuring problems, these solutions were ignored, yet they would ask us to take time out of our day to complete feedback forms to help them shape future classes. \xa0Students who continued to voice thier opinions were asked to leave the program.\n\xa0 \xa0 \xa02. \xa0The instructors, although good coders, were awful teachers. \xa0Examples: teachers yelling at students, teachers walking away from students during instruction, teachers not available during critical project weeks (by unavailable I mean holding meetings in another room for several hours unapproachable and unresponsive to student needs),\xa0 Teachers frequently going off topic at length. \xa0Teachers leaving for vacation without replacement staff. \xa0The\xa0coup de grâce was that after 2/3rds of the course was finished half of the students could not make a simple Ruby on Rails App !!! \xa0The material was retaught at the expense of learning any\xa0remaining curriculum.\n\xa0 \xa0 \xa03. The Job Assistance staff and Outcomes Staff changed multiple times. \xa0The lead outcomes producer would spout the same speech each time she met with us. \xa0This should\xa0have been provided in note form or Powerpoint presentation and critical information addressed. The information she provided was topical and cursory, it was plainly obvious that she was a\xa0good meet-n-greet person, but lacked the skills at actually instructing how to land a job. \xa0The remainder of the staff was primarily recruiters with no real incentive to assist in job placement. \xa0They claim to have a mentorship/internship program, to this day I know of no one in ANY of the graduating classes that took part in any such program. \xa0GA claims that they have\xa090% placement within 3 months after graduation. \xa0This was not even close. \xa0In fact while they gave us this speech 50% of the previous class was unemployed 4 months\xa0after graduation. \xa050% of my class is also without placement.\nThis Review Is Helpful25Flag as inappropriate., I just finished the January cohort of General Assembly\'s Web Development Immersive in New York last week, and am pleased to share that the quality of my instructors, the curriculum, and my classmates all exceeded my expectations!\r\n\r\nWe started with a strong foundation in Ruby and then built upon that foundation by learning SQL, PostgreSQL, Rails, and basic HTML. We combined all of those tools to build our first independent projects (basic CRUD application utilizing an API with user authorization & authentication). Next, we transitioned to a deeper dive into HTML5 & CSS before shifting our core focus to JavaScript in the back half of the course. After being introduced to the basics of JavaScript and jQuery we started working in small teams on group projects modeling the agile development process. Finally, we learned Backbone.js before embarking on our final independent projects for the course – a capstone of everything we\'d learned and an opportunity to utilize the process we\'d learned to work with new frameworks and technologies. Beyond the full-stack of languages we learned, our course placed a huge emphasis on the principles and process of good software design. We always utilized Test-Driven Development and mastered RSpec, Jasmine, and Capybara as tools for unit and acceptance testing. We also always modeled the full agile, behavior-driven development cycle from collecting user stories, to daily SCRUMs, to full retrospectives after every sprint.\r\n\r\nI\'m incredibly pleased with everything we learned and feel empowered with the process and tools to design excellent web applications. I\'m also really confident in my ability to continue learning more on my own! The first part of the course placed a strong emphasis on traditional pedagogy – our instructors were largely teaching us the ins and outs of Ruby, but as we started to gain momentum in our technical grasp of our first programming language the pedagogical model shifted slightly to more of a "teach us how to fish" style of learning. We learned the techniques and process to approach new languages and technologies, and it\'s exciting to know that I can continue to grow and learn on my own!This Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate.]', '[General Assembly gave me the tools and confidence to make a career change and I would never be where I am two years later had I not been through the DSI Bootcamp. It is important to know how your previous background and the boot camp can work together to make you a strong candidate. There will be MUCH to learn after the boot camp, but the GA program gives you what you need to start that journey and I would recommend it!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The ultimate difference between design bootcamps is the teaching. I had remarkable instructors at General Assembly.\xa0 They offered general insight into the industry at large as well as taught the necessary skillsets within it.\xa0 I was able to wrap my head around expectations in the industry, design philosophy, approach, and practice using the skillsets I use daily. They also gave us fantastic templates and insights that offered a better command of an anxiety-provoking job search -\xa0 all of this was with honesty, kindness, and a personal touch.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly was instrumental in allowing me to level up my career in tech into the UX Design field that is challenging, engaging, and always growing. During the program I gained highly applicable skills as well as learned freshly updated content that gets vetted by the best thought leaders in the field from the biggest company names in tech. I now hold a leadership position in UX Design (I came into the program with management experience) and another colleague of mine who also attended the program is now Senior Director of UX at her company. The GA network and support is everything and worth every cent I paid!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA gave me the tools and self confidence to transform my life. In my late 20s I felt trapped, alone and confused, in a job and career path that I disliked. Going back to college for another 2 to 4 years and a different undegrad degree just to start back at the bottom was not an option. I joined GA after being severanced out of a position I spent 4 years in,. My amazing instructor not only gave me the practical skills to get into a new, in-demand field, but also taught me that with curiosity, work ethic, and the internet, I could continue to learn and re-invent myself. You can dream, work hard and make your goals come true. Now I\'m always on the lookout for my next big professional challenge!\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General assembly is such a great resource for people looking to transition careers, jumpstart their portfolio, or just gain new skills!\xa0The curriculum is very smartly geared towards helping students succeed and gain in-demand skills, experience, and knowledge.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I was a little disappointed on day one when I learned that it was a connected-classroom setting which means four different classes of 20 or so students are connected through Zoom for one instructor. That detail was probably mentioned during the initial description of the course, but it definitely wasn\'t clear since it came as a complete shock. I never felt like I received the personal assistance I need to learn, so it wasn\'t the best fit for me. I learned a lot, but never felt comfortable with the material due to this format.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA was a life-changing experience for me. I took the UX Design immersive and because of the instructors I had (JC & Samantha Lane) and wonderful cohort, I can say it was worth the sacrifice and money. I learned a lot under the direction of the two instructors, they kept the curriculum organized, efficient, provided endless resources, and did a great job with making the information interactive. You spend the morning in lecture, and rest of the day getting hands-on experience with projects. They also did a great job building a sense of community, every single student in my class was supportive, kind, and skilled. Especially remotely, it\'s important to be able to connect with your instructors and classmates. GA has done a wonderful job creating an online learning environment through slack and zoom alone. You will pick up the latest trends, tools, and skills to succeed-- but the program will be what you make it. You have to work hard, be dedicated, put in late nights (especially during the last month), and be prepared to experience burnout. It will be worth it in the end if you\'re serious about learning UX or making a career change. Be prepared to quit your job, and spend 3 months learning and maybe an additional 3-6 months job searching. It\'s competitive out there, but this program will provide you with a strong portfolio if you\'re willing to put in the work. After graduating, you are paired with an outcomes coach who is there to help coach you on interviews, resumes, and help connect you with jobs although much of the job hunting is left to the student. GA doesn\'t hand out jobs but they help set you up and provide a community for support.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \xa0I am the type of person who likes in-class instruction.\xa0 And I had taken 2.5 years off to be a stay-at-home mom while I decide what to do in my career.\xa0 I had come from a GIS background but wanted to pursue something more.\xa0 I heard a lot of good things about General Assembly and really liked the financial options, including a scholarship for women.\xa0 I liked that they had a campus near me so I started contacting them.\xa0 They were very straightforward about their admissions process, they really want you to succeed.\xa0 And then the pandemic hit.\xa0 They told me it would only be online.\xa0 I took the plunge and it was a great experience!\xa0 I never thought I would like online teaching but they did a great mix of zoom and slack.\xa0 They switch between large teaching groups with great instructors and smaller local classes so you can get the specialized one-on-one.\xa0 I went into the Data Science Immersive course.\xa0 I will say it is VERY fast so you have to dedicate 3 months to this class.\xa0 My husband watched our child and took care of the house during this time.\xa0 I received so much instruction that I don\'t really remember it all.\xa0 But I do have the class lectures to refer to again.\xa0 I continue to take their workshops, like Tableau, for quick brush-ups on new technology that I enjoy.\xa0 To really succeed in any boot camp, especially one this fast, I would understand the basics of python (python the hard way book) and statistics (Khan Academy statistics) first. \xa0 I would definitely go with General Assembly over any other school again because I enjoy the quick instruction and emphasis on hands on training.\xa0 The homework I did lead directly to my current position that I got within 2 months of graduation.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Overall the Software Engineering Immersive program was an exceptional experience with world class instructors.\xa0 The full time program is NOT something to take lightly as it will be 40+ hours of school and additional work after hours for projects, homework, etc. But this is all to help solidify concepts you WILL be tested on for interviews as well as utilize on the job.\xa0 While a global pandemic probably changed how helpful the "post-graduation" program is... it could still use improvement.\xa0 I\'d definitely recommend the program overall and loved the pace, lessons, and instruction!\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This GA course was a comprehensive and practice-based overview of Excel, SQL, and Tableau. It was immediately applicable to my work, and it was so valuable to learn these skills in a class context, with instructors willing to answer questions and provide support. I wish we\'d allocated a little more time to SQL.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Very efficient profesional and systematic way of understanding of the course materials. It\'s a great way to gain new knowledge through this career transition phase.The cons is definitely the course could have been slightly longer and have different range of project scenarios because after a while we realized that the project kinda have the same scope after a while.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., One of the main benefits of General Assembly’s 10-Week User Experience Design Immersive is learning to let go of overthinking and the inertia of perfectionism by applying lean UX design principles to real-world collaborative exercises and cohort work. Culminating in a real client project and design pitch, the immersive scaffolds and builds on ever-more complex frameworks and methodologies so it does not feel like an overwhelming information download. The level of instruction is consistently high with professional practitioners from across the spectrums of design. I liked that the immersive is taught by 2-3 designers with drop-in lectures and presentations from other instructors and teaching assistants from a broad and diverse background. Students grow as strategic design thinkers and this is tied directly to success and impact in the immersive. There is a good balance between personal growth and team collaborative work. \xa0One of the cons that I and others in my cohort noticed from this 10-week immersive, is that the time tends to wind down pretty quickly and the career placement and outcomes portion of the immersive tends to feel somewhat rushed and slapped on at the ending weeks. This leaves little time to prepare polished case studies and portfolio website—artifacts that differentiate a student’s project work from other students in the same graduating cohort. Target job search feels rushed and there are few ways to separate one’s self from the pack. Projects tend to feel homogenous and repetitive in an already oversaturated job market. I heard this direct feedback from several post-graduation interviews where the interviewers had literally seen the exact case studies and projects from previous bootcamp cohorts. I had to do some reverse-engineering on my case studies and portfolio in order to make it feel like my own.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[It will be rigorous and stressful. You have to have a growth mindset and put in the work. Be ready to listen, pivot, and get out of the comfort zone. They don\'t waste time and cram every lesson with things you need to know to understand the fundamentals of the field. Guest speakers from the industry are invited every now and then to talk about their experience and how they got there, which is helpful. You will be rewarded with readiness to approach the industry and also have a portfolio you\'re proud of, provided that you invest the time and effort to keep up with the course speed and produce excellent work. I found the staff for my course very helpful, ready to listen and positive. The programme is well-designed and strategised to prep you as a UX designer.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Graduated from General Assembly Software Engineering curriculum which isn\'t on 12 weeks but 9.Why? Because you have 3 x 1 project week where the interaction with GA educational team is nearly none existant.Their curruciculum covers the basics but do not go in depth.They are promoting their affiliation with the Adecco Group which does not provide any job nor operational support, whatsoever.General Assembly Outcomes program is completely useless - you will be on your own when it comes to your job searches.This program will simply help you design a Resume and explain the same information over and over again: waste of time and obselete.The overall experience isn\'t worth such investment, at all.I sincerly regret going with them.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I attended their immersive a few months ago and I would discourage everyone from attending this school at any of their locations.\xa0 Why?\nThe course material is very mediocre and covers only basic development tools; it is mainly because they accept anyone without any prior screening. So students who are really serious and motivated about being a coder have to work at slow pace with outdated material. The teacher to student ratio is bad too like sometimes there will only be two teachers left to handle a group of 25-30 students and that’s why teachers leave mid way because of added burden.\xa0\nThe career guidance and confidence building is practically nil and so many students leave GA feeling less capable of being a coder. What I have felt there is that they are not very industry focused coz they don’t know much about the job market. Their service agreement is not up to the mark too and even if you somehow end up getting a job, it will be a part time work with less than average pay. Moreover, there is no training or support as to how to approach companies or handle real time programming challenges. Nothing is explained in a proper manner and group assignments are a joke too, they promise so many things when you join like they will get you a job, make you successful etc but I was jobless for 5 months after completing their course (which I badly wanted to leave in between but still somehow finished due to some of my batch mates who became good friends)\nYou know what’s worse?\xa0 You pay a huge amount to become a coder but here they just teach you how to copy and paste and not how to think like a programmer. This was the most unprofessional place I have ever seen because teachers were never helpful and never helped anyone solve real problems.\nMy honest opinion? If you are planning to join General Assembly, don’t! You would just waste your money. Instead, invest in a place that focuses on overall student development and train them well to become successful even if that place charges a little much.This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., If you are thinking of attending General Assembly for data Science don\'t waste your money.\xa0 Your $16k could be spent far better elsewhere. \xa0They spend less than a 1/2 a day in a 12 week course on SQL and waste too much time on things that employers aren\'t looking for, \xa0Honestly, the instructors at General Assembly are really full of themselves. \xa0I\'m not happy I wasted $16k on the course and I would advise anyone looking to avoid...This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Everyone should use General Assembly. Their instructors are so knowledgeable and the courses really catered to my style of learning.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This course is a waste of 15k. They make it pretty clear that they only care about the money. I was struggling with the program as I had never done programming before and was ignored by the lead instructor when I reached out for help. When I went to the head of the DC program she was very condescending and told me to just get through the program (so I couldn’t get a partial refund for the course). You will be better off teaching yourself and hiring a private tutor, you will save thousands of dollars. For our final project where we showcase our work to potential employers, there were maybe four very small companies there for 20 students and none of them were hiring at the time. It was an absolute joke. It took the top two students in my class a year to get a programming job! Not the three months they claim and their Outcomes\xa0 support after the program is a joke, you just do Zoom meetings where you talk about the jobs aren’t getting and a lot of making lists about yourself. Final warning, if you don’t have experience programming do not do this course expecting to find a programming job in a reasonable amount of time. You will have to do so much more outside of the program it’s impossible to justify paying 15k. Also when I did the program I had to pay up front, it wasn’t contingent on finding employment like other programs.\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., This course gives a big picture on what the world of web development is about. The course is structured in a way whereby they introduce each concept one by one, from front end -> back end -> a new language -> front end library. There are teaching assistants (TA) to help you as the class can be quite big for the instructor to handle alone. Besides that, after the end of each project, instructor/TA will be doing post mortem and provide you with constructive feedback. Overall, it is both fun and challenging to sign up for a bootcamp. Fun part is meeting and learning along with peeps who\'s also interested in SEI, challenging part is learning something completely new, but you\'ll at least know what the topic is about, and after the course ends, dive in deeper into the topics covered or find similar topics to learn.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Had a great experience in the part time 10 week product management course. The instructor was very helpful, knowledgeable and very passionate about product with years and years of experience.\nEveryone at GA was really helpful, it\'s a great environment to learn in!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., A great course for someone with a solid background in statistics and calculus, otherwise you\'re going to suffer.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., After takeing two courses through General Assembly I would highly recomend PASSING onto another university! They are very quick to get you enrolled and will contact you within the same day HOWEVER, they\xa0will not refund you your money after you withdrawl during the course.\xa0Bootcamps\xa0are marketed as a "One and Done" type of course\xa0ensuring you will leave with a portfolio presentable for the\xa0career of your choosing. What they do NOT INFORM\xa0you of, is that you will NOT BE READY to enter the career field of your choosing after ONE\xa0bootcamp. Once heavily through the course "professors"\xa0will change their language\xa0from, "This is what you will need and have ready for your portfolio." To "This is just one small component that you can use TOWARDS your portfolio." Save your money and choose another Bootcamp!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the Data Science Immersive Program in Boston and I\'m very happy with the experience. I made the career switch after being in my previous career for more than 10 years and was also 5-8 months pregnant while taking the program.\nMy greatest advice to others taking the program: manage your time well the\xa0whole time\xa0and work hard. It\'s a short 3 months compared to going back to graduate school/college, so grit your teeth and just push through. The program was\xa0well worth it\xa0as the curriculum covers a wide breadth of topics that expose you to much of the Data Science field. Time management and focus should also be given your Outcomes work (job search portion of program) during and after the program. The Outcomes team allows you to be accountable in your job search\xa0in addition to providing support (from network connections\xa0to advice on cover letters and resume).\nThe whole program is project-based. You have two lectures a day and the rest of the day is time for you to work on projects (you\'ll definitely need all of the time given on top of nights and weekends). Through the project-based approach, you\'re able to truly test concepts and gain a better understanding of all topics taught in class.\nSince you spend so much time in class for 3 months, you get to know your fellow students extremely well. Learn (if you\'re not already great at it) to work in a team towards deadlines, as team projects teach you how Data Scientists really work together.\nIn summary, worth the time and hard work. I\'d recommend (and already have so far) to others.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Understand that this program is only 10 weeks. A lot is crammed into the curriculum, and a lot is left out of it as well.\xa0 Understand that you need to put in 100% to get out 100%, inside and outside of the program. If you\'re not ready for that, you will struggle.\nIf you\'re ready, read on.\nMy background is in visual design and management. Those skills flow very nicely into UX. If you have a similar background, you will have an advantage. If you don\'t, you just have to work a little harder. I loved the program. It is structured so that you learn to apply the whole UX process of research, synthesis, wireframing, prototyping and usability testing to 5 projects. The first 4 projects prepares you for the 5th, your capstone. I the program prepared me very well for a career in UX, but I recognize that if you don\'t have a design background, then YMMV.\nThe most important part of this curriculum, is actually what you do outside of class. It\'s easy to show up and follow instructions everyday. You have to network (they teach you, it\'s easy). You have to read, listen to podcasts, talk to other designers. You have to learn new software. You have to put yourself out there. That is how you will be successful in this program. (GA will teach you how to do all of this, and very well)\nThe Outcomes team (career coaches) are fantastic. They give you all the resources, tools, advice, and time with them as you need to help you find a job. They do not find one for you. Same advice goes as above. You have to put in a lot of work, supplemented by the Outcomes team.\nGA has great alumni resources who stay in the community, participate in GA events, and give great advice. A lot has given their time to me to help me, and I will undoubtedly pay if forward.\nExtra things I\'d recommend if you enroll in this program:\n1) Learn how to write/tell a good story. GA teaches you how to write a case study, but it\'s only effective if it tells an interesting story people want to hear.\n2) Learn how to work with engineers. The program does not involve any coding or working with engineers. Seek out opportunities where you can learn how the dynamics work.\n3) Understand what UX means in relations to the business/company you want to work for. This is how you speak the language of decision makers.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[This bootcamp has serious limitations. Unless you have a\xa0 background in design, graphic design and/or have previously started working on a portfolio you might probably be better off investing in a different bootcamp that is serious about the quality of its teachers. There is some learning, but it is important for a\xa0 prospective student to seriously ponder if such learning justify $14,000, and forgoing at least 3 months of salary.\nThe bootcamp is designed for the student to deliver fast in a high pressure environment but without adequate knowledge transmission and feedback, students are left on their own. We were aware, from week 1, of the lack of quality of the lectures and teacher support. However, few people will speak up about the program limitations and demand for improved curricula and better teaching quality.\nUnfortunately, it seems that such limitations are caused by GA corporate modus operandi. Its focus on making short term profits and to be competitive drives them to hire poor quality assistant teachers and to fail in providing an adequate training and support for teachers. There are standards for teaching adults in a bootcamp setting, it seems that corporate GA is not aware of such standards and as a result the teachers consistently failed to give clear adequate guidance and to communicate knowledge effectively. Teachers spent valuable time an energy of students discussing irrelevant anecdotes about their professional lives, reading from slides without providing any valuable insights and/or correcting concepts conveyed wrongly the first time. On top of that, none of them were available outside class hours and their feedback about our projects was consistently delayed. We were required to ask our questions to the assistant teacher before asking a question to the teacher. Which wouldn’t be a problem if the assistant teacher were slightly competent at his job. He was close to student level knowledge and his feedback was most of the time irrelevant. Most of us would ask feedback to a teacher from a different class.\nWhile the main teacher was clearly competent at his craft, had numerous industry connections and sound professional judgement he lacked teacher training background. Although he was very open to feedback he carried all the weight of the class and of organizing class related activities that limited the time he could connect with students. Instead of helping him, the assistant teacher was a liability to the whole class.\nThe assistant teacher was a GA graduated with no professional experience and no disposition to help students. Even when he wanted to help he had no insight. He would repeat what the teacher said and most of the time had to idea of what he was saying. He will read slides and will find about the content of such slides at the time he was lecturing. He never prepared before the class and wouldn’t know about class concepts even though he was a student like us just 6 months prior. When asked for help "he would respond ask your classmates". He will sit in the back of the class and play video games, do shopping or fall sleep. He had no work ethic, no self awareness and no-one that would held him accountable. Most of us were frustrated and voiced our concerns about it but nothing was done.\nThe Bootcamp format is demanding and it has the potential to be rewarding but most of the success depends on the quality of the teachers. We did not have an assistant teacher and our teacher, in spite of his best intentions was overwhelmed by the amount of work he carried on his own. It was unacceptable for GA to provide such quality of support to the students given the high stress that the Bootcamp model was already causing to us. More than Ginger.io memberships we deserved and needed decent quality academic experience.\nWe learned from this bootcamp, we had to, after all the time we invested. Was it worth the investment? This is something that each of my classmates might answer differently. It depends on the quality of your academic experience at other institutions and it certainly depends how much you put into. Without going too far, I had much more rewarding experiences at Community College classes. The Bootcamp format worked for me, I put a lot of energy and time and I got what I put into in spite of the quality of this institution. Most people would want to convince themselves that the investment was worth to avoid the depressing thought that the class was not worth more than half the price. I won’t do it again or recommend it to anyone whether anyone has the money and resources or not. This course is an overpriced introduction to UX. There were so many concepts not explained or explained wrongly in the class. Our portfolios are competing with other portfolios elaborated with much more technical knowledge and honed by much more rigorous critique process. If you don’t have a background in UX, design, graphic design or something similar this course is not a good investment. There are much better introductory classes and other online bootcamps where you can develop a portfolio with mentorship. This course won’t make you a UX designer. Learning in a Bootcamp setting can be very valuable and now there are other options in Seattle. You owe yourself to do your due diligence and invest your money wisely before you put yourself on the hands of GA or any institution without academic competency to deliver.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the Web Development Immersive in Providence which is supported by the Boston GA office. The immersive was everything I wanted it to be.\xa0Expectations for course content were very clear and there was support at every step from instructors and outcomes staff.\xa0\nTaking a bootcamp feels like a big risk and I looked into a few different options before choosing GA. I chose this bootcamp because it had\xa0positive reviews, friendly and informative staff, relevant programming langauages, and some convenience factors including cost and location. The full-time immersive curriculum is very challenging and definitely requires full commitment.\xa0\nWhen you finish the program there is still so much opportunity to stay connected with classmates and instructors.\xa0The job support staff\xa0hold ongoing\xa0weekly workshops and regularly check in about the job search. They are also available for one on ones to talk through any challenges and offer input on job offers.\xa0After two months of rigorous job search after completing the course I\xa0accepted a position as a software engineer and the GA reputation really helped get my foot in the door.\xa0The possibilities after GA are endless and you will walk away with a solid understanding of full-stack development and object oriented programming. You will also walk away with a sense of community.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Hi,\nI graduated from General Assembly\'s Web Development Immersive Bootcamp in June of 2018.They offerred amazing support and great lessons in how to build web applications. I didn\'t have a strong technical background and, at first, the material was hard to grasp. However, I was able to complete the bootcamp and learn a great deal about computer programming and gained a skillset in a number of coding languages!\nBest,\nMike\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The course content was nothing more than could be obtained for a fraction of the price on various sites: exclusively lectures that provided a very broad overview of JS and various flavors (jQuery, APIs, React, etc.) but never got into depth with any of them. The scope would have been excusable, but there was none of the interaction/cooperation with peers or the instructor that I expected from an in-person class. Additionally, the little homework that was assigned was barely graded and the only “project” was something that the instructor loosely defined as “anything that can prove you learned something from this class.”\nShort version: look elsewhere for a cheaper introduction to JS.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Here is a honnest summary of my experience at GA:\nThe instructor was often disrespectful and would make fun of foreign student accents, show lack of patience or inappriopriate humour.\nDuring projects, he would just go out to the hairdresser or disappear, and sigh when we ask questions.\nThe content of the curriculum was ok, but would not be explained in details. If you want to learn to code, then learn it beforehand...\nAt times, the teacher was showing a clear lack of mastery of the languages he was supposed to teach, being corrected by students on several occasions. Courses were lacking a clear structure.\nThey would spend more time telling you off if you run 2\' late rather than making sure you understand it all...\nAlso, there is a pressure as they pretend they are supposed to be your future reference for employer which adds some tension.\nIf you say you don\'t understand, they will get rid of you and just say "You will understand later and this is absolutely normal".\nDon’t expect any support from the Program Team either who will reply that this formula has worked perfectly for the previous cohorts.\nFinally, the outcome team would stress you out so much about job search and provide minimum support, spending time correcting insipid details from your CV and expecting you to standardize your portfolio to fit the mold.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Thank you for sharing your feedback. We always strive to provide a stellar experience to all of our students, and we take your comments very seriously. While we do not have a student matching the name on this review, we would welcome the opportunity to connect and discuss these concerns. We encourage you to reach out to our team at\xa0studentserviceslondon@generalassemb.ly? Thanks, and we hope to hear from you soon., You\'ll get a broad understanding of core UX principles and methodologies. The structure and schedule was a bit disrupted mid-course. Class schedule and dispersal of course materials could be improved.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Very comprehensive and well-paced class. I have project management experience and this class really helped enforce a clear framework for clear decision making and action as a PRODUCT manager, as well as a rundown of all terms one needs to know.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I am really glad I did the UX Design Immersive program! I did a lot of informational interviews with past graduates before enrolling in the program. I think that was helpful in terms of expectation setting. I knew the biggest value of the program would come from the fantastic instructors, the connections we would be able to make in local industry, projects we could display in our portfolio, and the immediate network we would have with the cohort. I was totally satisfied in regards to those thigs. I know there are cheaper ways to go about a pivot such as this, but the immersive experience and the connection with others going through the same process were both really important to me.\xa0\nThere are some kinks that they are still working out in terms of on-boarding, curriculum, and career services - but most of that is due to the fact that the program itself is still fairly new and they had just brought on a new career services person (who works really hard to help out all the students and graduates from each immersive program GA offers).\xa0\nI felt like I received everything I needed to prepare me for the career search hustle. I was given concrete tools to work more effeciently in my search. And like others have said, it is important to check your expectations - GA will not place you in a job. But they will give you what you need to engage in that process.\xa0\nI found the landscape to be a slightly difficult for a junior designer. All the more reason a program like this worked for me. It provided me with an opportunity to build relationships with others in the industry and totally dive into this new world.\xa0\nGA and the immersive program is not for everyone. I definitely recommend speaking with graduates and finding out as much as you can given the cost. But it worked for me!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I\'m so glad I found this class! I took this class to broaden my skillset and explore whether or not UX would be a good career choice for me. Our teacher had a great deal of experience in the field, plus he brought in several guest speakers to dive deeper into specific topics. Every class focused on an aspect of UX design, and the curriculum was incredibly thorough. We ended up with a polished final project to potentially use as a portfolio piece. Overall, this really was a great experience; GA puts together a very collaborative environment that\'s focused on students\' growth.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Having wanted to learn Web Development for years—and having failed to do so in my spare time—I dropped everything and spent my savings to attend General Assembly\'s Web Development Immersive. The immersive nature of the course helped to make this a turning point in my life, where I left behind a career that was comfortable for me, but less and less satisfying. Between classroom time and homework, I spent up to 80 hours a week learning the technology. I liken it to holding on for dear life to the rear of a speeding train. Every day, a new subject folded into the tools we were taught. I felt more uncomfortable than most, moving on before feeling I had a firm grasp on the subjects we\'d already covered, but that’s the model. Maximum exposure, minimum depth. And it has proved true in the real world of tech that I’m utilizing new tools constantly, and need to skim and integrate on the fly. \xa0\n\xa0\nThe curriculum varied depending on the teachers. A second Web Development cohort that ran concurrent with ours had somewhat different scheduling and subjects covered.\xa0\n\xa0\nSince our cohort of around 24 students had 3 teachers, I\'d expected more individualized attention than what we got. (Instead, it was an opportunity for the teachers to rotate lectures. Different teachers had different areas of expertise, and the lectures were excellent.) We were often told that this was a pedagogical choice, with the constant refrain, "Nobody will hold your hand in the real world.” As a person who had spent many years in the “real world,” I found this exasperating. I know that I’m not learning unless I struggle. I also know when I’m not learning because I need a push in the right direction. This was not the real world. It was an expensive one-time opportunity to learn all I could in 12 weeks. Teacher interaction would be a thing that separated the experience from, say, online courses.\xa0\n\xa0\nIn the same vein, we were provided a teacher’s assistant for a few hours, 4 nights a week. It was hard to take advantage of this, as the competition for the TA’s attention was overwhelming.\xa0\n\xa0\nOverall, I\'m glad I did it. The curriculum was fine, the lectures were interesting, the environment was pleasant, and it served to give me a new direction. But the promise given the night I attended an information session before enrolling—"It\'s hard, but you won\'t be struggling alone"—was unfulfilled.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Pros\n-great study environment\n-friendly and encouraging instructors (especially if what you\'re studying isn\'t your strong suit)\n-well-balanced curriculum and great hands-on experience\n\xa0\nCons\n-expensive if your company isn\'t paying for the course\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I thought it was very interesting and presented a different approach to design than I had previously thought of. I learnt a lot and felt that there was strong support from tutors.\xa0\nThe downside was that towards the end resources did feel a little stretched and there was not much support in the way of job vacancies and industry involvement.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', "[I took the Front-End Web Development course a few years ago, and my experience at General Assembly was subpar. I know a lot of people who swear by and love it, but this wasn’t the case for me. I did meet some really nice people, and our TA was also very helpful. This class taught me a few things and while I am thankful for that, it was a ton of money, and way too much for what I got out of it. The teacher I had, although very smart and skilled, was not great at teaching beginners.\nAnd I will add that this was definitely not a beginners-level class by any means – but it would be a great class for anyone who has a background in or aptitude for coding, or anything computer sci-related. GA should definitely have some sort of pre-requisite coursework for this class, because there was way too much content jammed into this program for a newbie. HTML and CSS should be in their own class, JavaScript in its own. The pace was also too fast, we were given assignments that were extremely challenging and there was not enough time to master the basics.\nI also feel that we should have been given more time to work on our final project in class, instead we spent our time making card games or nerding out in JavaScript that would stump most developers. I had no interest in game design, I wanted to learn about web design, and the class didn’t approach it from a start-to-finish process. It jumped around.\nAnd although my teacher was talented and knew his stuff, his style didn't work for me. Being told by my teacher to “Google it” or “figure it out” if I have questions or am lost is not helpful. I didn’t even know what I was supposed to be Googling or figuring out! Understood that after class ends I will be on my own, but when you’re in school, you should be able to feel comfortable asking your teacher questions and getting the help you need, especially when you’re paying a lot of money to be there. That’s the whole point of taking a class, and why I specifically chose to take this class, because I thought there would be that guidance. If I wanted to figure out web development on my own, I’d Google things and save myself the $3,500. I’m not sure I would return for another go-around with GA. Maybe if it were a different course, but that’s a big maybe.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., In order to get people to sign up for classes, GA makes a lot of claims about how the program will run and the success rate of those who complete the course. They claim that 6 months after completing the program,\xa0 99% of students will have jobs within their field of study. With my cohort, it was more like 20%, and I would say it was about the same for the cohorts that came before and after me.\xa0\nWhat you get with this program is highly dependent for the instructor you get. Many of the instructors I have meet seem to only have 2-3 years of experience in the field they are instructing, which really is not enough. I have heard some GA admissions offers reference a GA bootcamp as an alternative to a 4 year degree - that is absurd. I think that the people who come out of this program and get jobs either get them because GA is directly referring them into role (which they seem to only select a few people from each class to do this with).\xa0\nThe program also claims that they will help you gain access to working professions with multiple lunch and learns, that only happened once in my class.\xa0\nMy advice to anyone considering enrolling is to reach out to people within your region who are working in the field and find out what they think of General Assembly. I think that in some areas, GA has a bad reputation and many recruiters will not even look at a resume with GA listed, so get to know what the field is like in your area before enrolling.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Three-hour tele lectures followed by four-hour lab practices.\xa0 In many ways it was like Groundhog Day.\xa0 We had one day to learn a lesson or a program, and the very next day *poof* a brand-new lesson to learn.\xa0 At times it was challenging and you feel like you're falling off the boat, especially if you didn't quite master or understand the previous day's lesson.\nHowever, if you're lucky to have a strong and resourceful support group in the form of a good TA and sharing/caring students, it makes a tremendous difference.\xa0 I don't think I would have gotten as far as I did w/o these two assets.\nAlso I'm past the 110 day mark with no job.\xa0 Plenty of interviews, though. I've had interviews with some top tech firms (Google and Facebook).\xa0 I doubt I could have gotten my foot in the door w/o doing this bootcamp.\xa0 Good career counseling too, but at times you feel you're pushed down the line because a brand-new cohort is coming up.\xa0\xa0\n\xa0\nIf you do decide to take this bootcamp, gird your loins for at least 3-4 months unemployment afterwards, and be prepared to network like crazy after class and after the program ends.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Attending the part time course for UX Design at General Assembly was an amazing experience. My tutors and classmates were great and despite was tough to work and study at the same time, I had the chance to learn a lot from all of them.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Took the Web development immersive at GA and it was an amazing course. We would learn new materials almost everyday and the instroctors did an amazing job of explaning all material in a way that was understandable and exciting. All the instroctuors were avaliable for extra help if needed and were always willing to answer questions. I really enjoyed this course and it has really prepared me for a job. The material covered is what employers are looking for.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I've been in the Digital marketing industry for around 3 years but I'm entirely self-taught, I have a background in sales & IT which has helped immensely but have never had a complete overview of the strategy around campaigns. I decided to undertake the Digital Marketing course at General Assembly in order to bring everything I've learned together and take my career to the next level.\nOverall I think the course was highly valuable and would suggest it to anyone who Is interested in digital marketing strategy. It assumes no prior knowledge which is good and bad, I found myself bored at some points as it delt with my day to day tasks. The content that I had no prior exposure to was excellent and engaging. The instructors were knowledgable and always happy to lend a hand. It requires quite a bit of time investment but its worth it in the end\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I can't say enough about the great experience I had at GA in Boston. The instructors are amazing and I learned an incredible amount in the 3 months that I was there. This was by far the best experience I've had in a classroom setting and would recommend it to anyone that I looking to start a career in tech!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., At first I was hesitant to join the remote (online) crash course for User Experience Design. At the start of the class, the instructor even mentioned that we wouldn't get to dive as deep into the material compared to the 3 month Design course. This frustrated me as I was spending a lot of time and money to take the 1 week course.\xa0\nBut as\xa0 the week progressed, my worries began to disappear. I learned so much in a span of 5 days, and all of the students were able to develop a full case study presentation of the projects that they were working on over the course of that week. The Zoom video conferencing helped keep the students accountable for staying engaged an actively participating through the course of the week. Zoom also allowed us to go into break out rooms were students could work on project discussions in small groups.\xa0\nIn some ways, I found this online 1 week class to be even more engaging that a regular sized classroom, because our class size was so small. I am very satisfied w/ this program and how the instructor facilitated learning over just one week!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Aditi Joshi was beyond impressive! I was pleasently suprised that General Assembly offered this class and it is so worth it. Whether you are a project, product, or program manager the knowledge you gain from taking this class is invaluable.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Good course that covered most of the flow of a normal UX process from creation to prototype. It would have been nice to also look at UX from a BAU or day-to-day perspective rather than always from a brand new project\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Its a course that covers every topic in data science, the course goes for 12 weeks, 5 days a week, 8 hours a day, there are 2 lectures and 2 labs to cover in a day, + 4 projects to do and a capstone project. Very intensive, but people there make it enjoyable to come to class, and with a happy hour, it makes it even better.\r\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Very interactive for online learning. Feel 10x more knowledgable after 6 weeks. Loved how it was\xa0project-based learning\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", "[The course was awesome. A lot of resources and materials were provided. The instructors were willing to help find job placement which is a huge plus. I am not familiar with basic coding so I wish there were a couple of classes that focused on that like html and css. That would be a huge plus. I woiuld definitely recommend that people take the course at General Assembly.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This program lets students learn everything from how to approach a problem, come up with a\xa0hypothesis\xa0and a potential solution, and how to test it to see it is feasible. (Highly focused\xa0in digital platform) Very informative results. I have taken part time night courses and it was very good but time consuming and tiring. Don't do it if you are not ready for the commitment of work load other wise you'd be influencing the whole class badly. I wish there was more time to work on projects and at the same time I am glad it was just that time as we all had day job.\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The good\nWhen you decide to pursue a UXDI course, you need to manage your expectation that courses like this are a silver bullet for getting UX know-how. These 10 weeks are a start to the UX journey and as that start, the General Assembly UXDI course is great. The format is a 9-5 full time course for 10 weeks. You complete 5 projects, with a final project doing work with real client. It's a safe space to fail and learn. But you need to have the initiative and thirst for knowledge to go beyond the course syllabus.\nAfter graduation, you get a meet & greet session with potential employers and there you get a glimpse of the type of market demand. I didn't have a strong background in design but i do have a background in client servicing so it came to no surprise that agencies largely approached my booth.\n\xa0\nStuff to improve\nI didn't think the job outcomes sessions were particularly helpful for myself and mature students in the class who have hired people or gone through the hiring process in some shape or form. That is the one thing i would improve on.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., 12 week immersive program, made projects using Ruby on Rails and JavaScript\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Overall a good experience.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., the instructors are very experienced and impart their knowledge from their day to day job workThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., \n\n\n\n\nWhen I signed up for this class, I thought I'd learn a few useful tidbits about how to analyze data, but I learned SO MUCH MORE. Plus, now I feel equipped to continue learning Tableau, SQL, and Excel on my own. I'm especially interested in learning SQL outside of class; I've read multiple articles on how it's one of\xa0the most pervasive programming languages today.\xa0\r\nSome tips for future students: 1-Do the homework and put in extra time outside the class to really understand the material. 2-Get to know your instructors. I cannot stress enough how helpful my teaching assistant (Daniel) was. He was always eager to help before class and via email. The instructors here really want you to excel and understand the course material.\n\n\n\n\n\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I attended the UX Design Immersive program in March of 2015. Overall it was an incredibly efficient, informative, and effective introduction to User Experience. Critical thinkers with some background or knowledge in web related fields excelled in this class. Steeper learning curve for those who were less familiar or struggled with putting themselves in other people's shoes. Lots of resume and portfolio help, with relationships with area companies hiring for UX was also a plus. Launched a successful UX career for me, have been employed for over 2 years and have gotten many inquiries from recruiters and companies looking to interview me.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I was thrilled with the class. \xa0I am a career changer and felt like the course laid out the basics\xa0of Digital Marketing from start to finish. \xa0I feel confident and fully equipped to transition my career. \xa0The course also included core business fundamentals and I really appreciated that.\xa0Thank you!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., This was a class I took to learn the fundamentals of JavaScript so that I could apply it towards my work covering APIs. The course we set up for students to succeed with a lot of hand holding through each lesson. This is not a bad thing especially given that we were doing the course from home. By far the most valuable part was the 1:1 sessions with my mentor Sonyl. He was patient and prepared and almost always able to help me figure out the \xa0answers to\xa0my questions. Whenever we couldn't come to an answer in the time allowed, he always made himself available by email and I sent him tons of questions that way. One of the few downsides to the course was that the in browser coding platform was very much tied to a particular answer. Often there would be multiple ways of correctly solving a problem but if you didn't do it the way the platform was expecting, you'd get error messages. That led to some frustration at times until I figured out that the error messages often pointed you in the expected direction.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Product Management part-time 10-week course. Instructors were great and cirriuculum was informative. However, GA hasn't done to help graduates of that course (and many courses in general as I heard from others) with job opportunities.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I decided on taking the course through Genera Assembly based on it's general\xa0reputation and the fact that I knew a few people who had completed the course, albiet in other cities, to much career success. Overall, I am quite pleased with my decision as I started my new job about 2 months after finishing the course and I really love what I do now. The curriculum was challenging and fast-paced, and there was always someone on-hand to help if I didn't understand a concept. I know the cohort after mine ran with an updated curriculum. This shows that the staff does take into account the needs of the industry and sets up its students to fill the present gaps. I found this slightly frustrating as I wish they had implemented these changes sooner. My instructor was super knowledgable and experienced. He always did a great job of explaining concepts, oftentimes having to present the same ideas in different ways to ensure that everyone understood what was going on. He encouraged a lot of questions and it was very rare to see him get frustrated with us students not understanding a lesson. The job assistance provided was also really helpful. The careers team did a great job helping us translate our past experience into something that sounded good to employers, though they did some overwhelmed by the sheer number of students they had to help.\nOverall, as I said, I am quite pleased with this course. I learned a lot...or at least enough to help me secure a job in web development (there's so much to learn!). I think my biggest complaint is that I'm not sure it's a super selective program, and some of the student did not take the course as seriously as others. This put a strain on the instructors who were sometimes forced to cater to students who hadn't done their homework, or didn't pay as much attention in class, instead of the students who really wanted to learn and springboard their new careers. As I said, I was hired quite quickly post course so this idea didn't affect me too much, but I know a few studnets, along with myself, did feel quite frustrated by the stalling in class more than a few times throughout the course. I believe this feedback was given to the team and steps have been planned to rectify for future courses, however.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", '[Fast-paced, comprehensive program. I met a lot of really cool people in my class and, although it was challenging, it was also a lot of fun. GA gave me a good base of skills and taught us how to learn new tech\xa0quickly, which is vital for a career in this industry.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Remote experience was excellent and way better then I\'d expected. We were still able to have group/partnered activities and engage with the instructor. The teacher, Aditi Joshi is a true master of her field and was a honest pleasure to learn from. The course was the perfect size and the content was dynamic. It felt as contemporary, new and ahead of the trend as possible. I really, really enjoyed it!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This course was really fast paced and difficult, but I learned more in a short period of time than I ever have in my life. We learned to use Python programming to apply statistics and predictive\xa0modeling techniques on real sets of data. If you\'ve know Python or R and are\xa0interested in learning foundational level Data Science, this course is perfect for you.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., For all of you who are looking for a first approach or a refresh of what\'s trending\xa0with Visual Design, this course is for you.\xa0\nI loved how we went\xa0over all the basics in design and how we had time to have workshops.\xa0\nTotally worth it!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Passionate instructor, fun projects, great peers, real world skills. I\'ve built two full stack JavaScript websites since taking the class, but I think this speaks to my interest in the subject matter more than GA. The class offers an excellent, supported introduction to JS.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Over the last few years, I have taken TWO courses at General Assembly. I enrolled in both the Front End Web Development Course and the Business Fundamentals and Tactics course. Both were TOP NOTCH learning experiences.\n\xa0\nWhen it came to the FEWD program, I had tried many times to learn to code on my own and had picked up on HTML and CSS quickly. The first part of the program was focused on HTML and CSS, which came more easily to me given my prior experience. When we began to learn Javascript during the second half of the program, this is where I found the MOST value from the GA instructional team. Javascript was challenging and it was the time and attention from my TA and instructors that enabled me to truely understand this language.\n\xa0\nThe second course I took was Business Fundamentals and Tactics. This class was very stimulating. Both of my instrcturos were ex-McKinsy consultants, VERY bright. I thought it was a great mix of practical skills and soft skills -- we covered things like\xa0the business canvas model or deep excel work on how to build a financial model paired with stimulating conversastion around business case studies. During one of the sessions, we had a guest speaker come in from Inbev and he was talking about supply chain and operations of a beverage company, which was very fascinating.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., With no background in UX design, I took the UXD part-time programme out of curiosity. It has given me a good foundation to UX design with practical elements incorporated into the 10-week programme. The instructor was excellent sharing with us numermous real-life examples. Really enjoyed the learning experience at GA!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Very prcatical learnings & engaging Instructors who know their stuff!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the Digital Marketing Circuit simply to learn about the field, even though I am not a marketing professional. I found the course to be super interesting, and for an online course, they did a GREAT job of keeping me focused. Here\'s what I liked about it:\xa0\n-There\'s a good split between slide presentations and videos\xa0\n-Knowledge checks keep you honest\n-The projects are fun\n-The workload is manageable. Not too much, and broken out in sections.\xa0\nLike I said, I think everyone should take this course. Marketing is such a key component of any business these days so I\'m really happy I learned about it. If you\'re an entrepreneur who doesn\'t know much about building an audience, this is particularly a great class for you.\xa0\nI highly recommend this course! Great way to learn. Thanks GA for the great experience!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., If you have experience with excel this course is a great way to learn SQL and the instructors were so buttoned up. There was always help when you needed it. You should have some familiarity with excel since they jump right in and the first two weeks or so fly past excel stuff. Majority of the course is for SQL. Would recommend!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This course is amazing for beginners!\xa0I walked in completely new to coding and can say I\'ve confidently walked away being able to code a website from scratch. Don\'t let the "online" nature of this course fool you. It is work! It takes about 4-6 hours to complete each weeks\xa0worth of instruction\xa0and projects. That amount could be even more depending on how in depth you want to get. Another tip: be sure to\xa0use mentor hours. I rarely did this but you could easily double how advanced you become by utilzing the mentor\xa0team. This team is already in development so they know their stuff. Overall, great but challenging experience perfect for beginners.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., You\'re really paying for the name and recognition of General Assembly. If you want to get into UX, it is a good idea to take this course, as it gives a good overall base understanding of UX. But it doesn\'t go any further than that. You cover only the basics of each topic and the instructors don\'t bother going into greater details about any individual topic.\xa0\nIt\'s really important when you\'re choosing GA to see which instructors you\'re going to get, becuase that determines your overall expereince as a student.\xa0\nPersonally I don\'t think the course is worth $15k. But GA gives you the name recognition and network, so ultimately that\'s kind of what you\'re paying for too.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Summary:\nDon\'t listen to the demand or trend of next hot jobs. Listen to your heart. Do you really think you can do this for the rest of your life? General Assembly does not guarantee jobs. If I had to go back, I would have taken a cheaper course via different online Bootcamp.\n\xa0\nGeneral Assembly itself is nothing but looking to take student\'s money. Their false belief of job guarantee is a scam to get students interested. General Assembly does not care for individual students who are looking for a career change.\xa0\nMany of my cohort students had to go out and find their ways to get jobs. People who had design background were in a better position. That does not mean that they got jobs right out of the Bootcamp. Overall, students end up freelancing or work at small to mid start-ups.\nWhen it comes to the course material, I was impressed. The reason why I was impressed is that instructors were knowledge in teaching UX\xa0(The quality of UX knowledge in LA is good).\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., What is the process like?\nPhone call with Admission Producer --> GA Dash exercise --> Interview with Admission Producer --> Bootcamp pre-work -->\xa03 Months Bootcamp --> Project Showcase + Networking --> Job Searching\nMy experience\nI attended GA WDI HK (May - Aug 2016) and here\'s what I thought:\n\nInspiring and helpful instructors and classmates. GA is really good at creating energetic and friendly atmosphere\nProgramming stack are pretty much up to date. Learnt html, css, javascript, ruby, MEAN stack (mongoDB, express.js, Angular.js, Node.js), ruby on rails, postgreSQL, ionic, git & github, AWS, heroku, package managers (npm, bower),\xa0agile and scrum method (project management). Please check with your local GA as it will be slightly different !\nFast-paced and compact\xa0course. WDI actually took more than 40h per week\nThe students are mostly\xa0non-developer trying to make career change.\nTo actually get the most out of the program, you should have tried a bit of programming before. Lack of knowledge will give you hard time to pick up the pace.\xa0If you are already a developer, you won\'t get much out of it.\nGuest speaker session is not always interesting/helpful. so i skip some :D\nIt is overpriced considering it\'s more "5-80" course and no job guarantee\nGA WDI is aligned\xa0more with\xa0startups culture.\nDepending on your local market and your projects, you will get job offer within 2 weeks or more. Finding offer/company culture that you really like is another story though.\nIt does help\xa0that GA has its own career website and the instructors+outcome producer will help you on job preparation such as mock interview;\xa0personal CV, portfolio website feedback and networking event. However, you still need to do extra work by yourself\nIt\'s actually the beginning of your journey after you finished the bootcamp. What you\'ve learnt is just enough to kickstart your career/company.\n\nReccomendation on what you should do before committing yourself to the program\n\nAttend the one-day course preview/WDI students showcase\xa0and get to know your potential instructor(s). By the way, don\'t refer to the list instructors in official website WDI page cause it\'s not up to date.\xa0\nlearn basic html,css,javascript from https://www.codecademy.com/\xa0https://dash.generalassemb.ly/\xa0http://www.freecodecamp.com\xa0. If you are not used to type fast, using computer, searching\xa0with google, little\xa0idea about webdev; please do so.\nConsider GA WDI bootcamp if you are ready to dedicate the time and money + looking for structured course and get you ready in short period. If you have really high discipline/okay with spending part time learning 6 months - 1 year, free online\xa0course such as\xa0freecodecamp is actually good too\n\nfeel free to contact me on\xa0twitter\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., As an introduction I must say I did not enjoy my General Assembly experience, so this post may be biased.\nHowever I’ll do my best to stay as objective as possible, as in the end I still believe I got from the course 75% of what I was looking for.\nI was moderately satisfied as a learner, but very dissatisfied as a customer. To me the value for money was not there, as when you invest 10kGBP in a course you expect excellence.\nBut the worst part was definitely the way GA handled those with complaints. Either you shut up or you\xa0 are told off, that was the sad truth we experienced.\n\xa0\nThe setting\n\nData Science Immersive (DSI) in London, 1st iteration starting 10th October 2016. General Assembly ran other DSI before, but in the US or AsiaPac, never in Europe.\nCost: 10,000 GBP\n12 weeks course + 1 week dedicated to preparation to job search (so called “ouctomes”)\n23 students at the beginning, 17 after 10 weeks (2 left after week 4, another 2 after week 8, another 2 after week 10)\n2 teachers and 1 assistant teacher for the whole course\n\n\xa0\nAbout myself\n\nSoftware engineer by education\n15 years experience in the industry (but little as an actual programmer)\nDid online Coursera “data science specialization” prior to joining the course to ensure I liked the area\nResigned from my job to attend the training\n\n\xa0\nWhat was good\n\nStudent required pre-work: lots of pre-read and programming exercises to do before joining the course in an attempt to bring everyone at the same level\nCurriculum: wide variety of topics covered, choice of one main programming language (Python)\nLearn with practice: daily homework (during the first 8 weeks), weekly project for the first 7 weeks followed up by capstone project, occasionally pair or small groups projects\nOutcome programme: help to refresh CV, improve online presence, sharpen negotiation skills, eventually will work hard to get you a job. GA has a target of getting 95% of their students a job in the area they studied, and they will do their best to meet it (that’s assuming students comply to all requirements, i.e. most homework/projects completed, 2 or less days absent from the course, strictly follow the job search guidelines, otherwise students may be excluded from the outcome programme)\nNice office on the edge of the London City\n\n\xa0\nWhat needs improvement\n\nThey miss “science” in data science. GA is very good at teaching Web Design and User Experience Design, it is their core business. Unfortunately they handle data science similarly to these two areas, which means they think you become a data scientist mostly by coding in python and learning associated data science libraries. The whole scientific/rigorous side of data science is overlooked, statistics are barely covered\nTeachers had too little teaching experience. Data scientists are in high demand, that’s a well-known fact. When I registered for the course, I was given two instructor names, it turned out none of them actually taught us. One of the instructors was actually recruited less than two weeks before the course. With such complex topics as machine learning and little time to prepare, the result was obviously not great. To be fair one instructor worked hard to improve during the course. Still sometimes I felt with my Coursera background, I knew more than they did, and really it didn’t feel like value for money\nAdmittedly, they bring people from all horizons and backgrounds in the class in order to increase revenues. The selection process is light and conducted by non-technical people, so pretty much anyone with very little coding experience can get in. Can you really become a data scientist in 3 months starting from nearly scratch, keeping in mind it will require you to learn coding, statistics, machine learning and much more? I doubt it.\nCustomer support. The class was overall frustrated with the level of teaching/rigorousness of the course. This was highlighted through surveys organized by GA, but GA didn’t seem to take the feedback into account. After the group complained more, we had individual interviews with GA course producer Still not improvement. Then we wrote an open letter to GA administration signed by 95% of the class, which led to another round of individual interviews (during which the staff was not always nice with the students). Only then GA started giving signs of taking our feedbacks into account. By then 8 weeks had passed (i.e. two third of the bootcamp), and it took a lot of nerves to reach the result. To me it sounded like GA refused to admit that the course had flaws, and kept claiming this was “their way” of doing things, closing the opportunity to improve the situation. Even more than the course quality, the customer service really disappointed me and spoilt the overall experience\n\n\xa0\nAs a summary, it’s rather for you if:\n\nYou are not self-disciplined to learn through an online course that will cost you 1/20 of the price\nYou desperately want a data job, but not necessarily a data scientist job (that is you are ok with an internship, or a data analyst role etc as this is likely was you will get), and are ready to invest 10000GBP for that\nYou have some coding experience and are ready to work very hard for 12 weeks straight: people who got most from the course had already coding experience, and little or no exposure to machine learning\n\nIt’s rather not for you if:\n\nYou have very limited coding knowledge, or have family commitments preventing you from working a lot, including on weekends : there is a high risk you will give up as the difficulty will be too high\nYou have some prior knowledge of machine learning or other data science related topics that you want to strengthen: you run the risk of being disappointed by the shallow level of what is being taught\nYou expect both excellent courses and customer service for the price of 10 000 GBP\n\n\xa0\nMy advice to GA:\n\nDon’t brand the course as “Data Science Immersive”: it’s actually an introduction to data science tools, but not an actual data science course\nRequire deeper prior coding knowledge from participants\nReview in depth the feedback collection and handling processes\nBe thankful to students providing constructive feedbacks and not defensive\n\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., \r\nIf you are expecting a six figure salary after a three-month crash course in Data Science, stop dreaming. The course is crammed with difficult concepts by individuals who are not educators and rather former professionals who are best at telling you to "just google it." Although there are many takeaways from my experience at GA\'s DSI program, my most coveted takeaway is that there are no shortcuts to becoming a fantastic data scientist. The for-profit institution that GA runs will not enable you to become an overnight statistician, programmer, and data scientist. Sure, GA lays a foundation of what is expected of creating a career in DS, but don\'t expect their provided hiring statistics to be as honorable as they claim since many of the hires come in-house by GA themselves and not in real-world conditions. After networking with past graduates who GA did not bring in to speak to my cohort, I got a massive sense of dread and regret as they are still struggling to find work after GA. The past GA DSI graduates that were brought in to speak were already heavily involved in engineering, computer science, or data analytics. Not individuals who, as GA claims, were not required to possess any prior education or experience in the data science field and to look to pivot careers in a 12-week full-time career accelerator program.\xa0\nCome in with realistic expectations and applicable education or experience to get what you would anticipate paying $15,000 for a three-month course. My only regret is that I\'m still in the program and didn\'t drop like some of the wiser individuals did at the beginning of the course after seeing the disorganization, deception, and undisciplined learning environment that the DSI GA staff puts together. Now, I\'m left completing a program that I have diminishing hope and returns for, along with a hefty loan under my belt after predatory advertising and claims by the GA program and staff. I would not recommend anyone attend GA for any program. It would be much more cost efficient to attend community college classes to fill the gaps in your knowledge paired with online resources than pay $15k to a for-profit business that is reminiscent to the ITT Techs of yesteryear.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., Entering the data science boot camp at GA was one of the best professional and academic choices I have made. The material I was exposed is directly applicable to the demands of the industry, as I have found many leading tech companies using them. The time and money I invested in this boot camp have been worthwhile.\nThe boot camp is indeed heavy on the math and stats - as it should be- after all, data scientist deal with quantitative matters. It combines practical applications of machine learning algorithms. In fact, when the instructors introduce a new method, they take their time explaining the mechanics (math and stats) behind, before they start coding them. The type of datasets they used to describe the new methods range from your traditional "Titanic/iris data set" to more complex ones "NBA players performance" and others, which helps to make the learning process move from simple to complex.\xa0 The instructors were fantastic at creating a healthy - collaborative - atmosphere in the classroom where students felt free to ask as many questions as they need. They made sure we had a hands-on experience implementing the new models during the labs and made themselves available to us during this time. Beyond this, the instructors also offered their time after school hours to go over the materials with students that had a hard time grasping the new concepts. Also, the evening and in-class TA(s) were super helpful, as they were prompt to answer my questions and provided me with extra materials to complement my learning.\nAs far as my classmates, many of them had stronger math and programming background, which was not my case. I invested my free time (which was not much during the boot camp) to become better at programming. I decided to be more proactive and took the initiative to get to class 15 min early and master one or two new Python methods. Also, every other night, I asked the instructors and TAs to provide me with math and Python materials that I used while implementing the machine learning algorithms or cleaning the datasets.\nBefore the boot camp, I considered other online courses like Coursera, edX, DataQuest and others, but I didn’t find in them the depth of explanation I received at GA. Honestly, I got the returns I expected from the boot camp.\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., After graduating with a B.S. in a non-quant heavy major, I wanted to continue my education and applied to the GA DSI program.\xa0\xa0For such a rigorous and math heavy curriculum, the technical assessment assignment only consisted of coding in SQL and then visualizing those results. If GA wanted to assess if an individual was ready for a quantitatively heavy and coding heavy program, the technical assessment should have been more centered on Statistics, Calculus, and Python instead of just SQL which is very simple to pick up in a short amount of time.\xa0\nI would not reccommend this program to someone who doesn\'t have either a very high quantitative acumen or a very solid understanding of computer science. The reality of the program is, you aren\'t going to become a data scientist in three short months, unless your field of study was in close proximity to data science or you were already in the work force for several years and working with data.\xa0\nFor how much the program costs, I\'d reccomend either courses from edX, Udacity, or Coursera. There are several online resources like DataCamp or DataQuest that can teach the fundamentals of coding. If you aren\'t comfortable with very high level mathematics, you will not get your money\'s worth from this course. The instructors did not do a good job of teaching, rather just display\xa0how\xa0but they don\'t explain why. The pre-work required for the\xa0course claims to put everyone on an equal level of knowledge, but that is simply not the case. If you are from an engineering background or have extensively worked with data in some capacity, you will be much more prepared and equipped to succeed. If the course were better structured, organized, and promoted as to what it actually is, I could reccommend it. But in\xa0it\'s current state, unless you are someone with experience or education related\xa0to data science, you will not become a data scientist in three months and instead be burdened with at least 15k in loans.\nThis Review Is Helpful10Flag as inappropriate., I\'ve taken General Assembly courses online and offline. They\'re commitment to quality is obvious and consistent no matter the format or topic of the course. In every class, you\'re working with professionals in the field. This means you\'re learning applicable tools, understanding how things really work (not theroteically but realistically), and hearing the language as it\'s used in the industry. You get a real feel for what working in that space is like. Teachers make themselves available for extra help and 1:1 help. They\'re excited to work with students and hear about why you\'re taking these courses, what your goals are, and how you\'ve been able to apply what you\'re learning in class day to day. The content is thoughtfully delivered in an constantly-optimized fashion (they\'re always collecting student feedback and updating content for the students and needs of the particular class). Everyone is so helpful and the skills taught are immediately applicable. I\'m a huge fan of this institution.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Instructors: I am so lucky to have a knowledgable instructor\xa0along with two other awesome TAs in my cohort. they are\xa0really awesome. They are really passionate about teaching and wanting students to succeed. They do know how to teach. I would suggest you to find out who the instructor\xa0is before taking this course because instructor is the key here.\nRecommandation: I wouldn\'t suggest you just go in there and only spend your time in the classroom. Utilizing your resources, TAs, instructor and ask questions. You are there to learn, and not just to get that certificate(the paper to me is just a piece of paper). What matter the most is what goes into your brain and know that you will become very confident after this program if you put in the work. There wouldn\'t be any assessment tests.\nClassSize: We originally had around 20 students, but only 12 students remained. What I would say is that GA didn\'t do a good job in recruiting their students and so some people left the program because they didn\'t know what would be expecting in the later part of the course-(SQL, which is the part that i evaulated the most, they thought excel was too easy so they left). What other students drop out was because they never used excel before. I\xa0can always always can get help from teachers/TA. Think about it:12 to 3 instructos ratio. This was the best class size I have taken in my life because of the accidental drop out students(or maybe GA should just limit the class size to 12 already) and I got a lot out of the program. I believe the best ratio is 4-1 or 3-1.\xa0\nThought: \xa0I would say I improved a lot whether in SQL, presentation but also\xa0met a lot of awesome people who all worked in different field and it felt pretty awesome just to be a part of this\xa0group since those who still remained in the program are the ones who really want to learn and not afriad of struggles. I would say everyone in my cohort are all very nice and knowledage.\nI would give the instructors and TAs 5 starts: They would always answer your questions through slack. I had one TA answered my question during his time at work. I felt so thanksful for him. They really care about your success.\xa0\nI would give the GA curriculum a 3 since not all the materials in the courses I found it to be useful.\nInstructors are the key, find out who will be teaching- if they love what they do(\xa0teaching, helping, and want their students to succeed). I was lucky to be in a awesome cohort. \xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., After completing General Assembly’s full-time, 12-week WDI (Web Development Immersive) Bootcamp in San Francisco, I highly recommend choosing another bootcamp. There are far better bootcamps out there than GA that will get you where you want to be; hired as a Web Developer/Android Developer/UX..\nWhat General Assembly is really good at is creating a supportive and encouraging community of students and teachers that support each other and don’t pressure you beyond what you’re physically capable of. They have free coffee all day long which is pretty cool. Their outcomes team is incredible. They have great career coaches that walk you through every step of the job hunting process. You have a workshop with the career coaches once a week and they continue workshops after the program with feedback on resumes, interview tips, cover letters, informational interviews, every piece of job advice you’d want/need. Also, we did a ton of pair programming which is great experience. We pair programmed almost every single day.\nAs for the bad, and why I wouldn’t recommend General Assembly, here’s what I have to say. I came to General Assembly with basically zero coding experience. I spent about 40–50 hours on Codecademy. The pace is extremely fast and I put in 12–15 hour days as well as an hour and a half commute each way. That’s expected. It’s bootcamp. What was unexpected was the student to teacher ratio which they claim is 3–4 students to 1. Not the case. Usually, the ratio was about 18 to 1-2. There’s not a lot of help available. They also promised one on one feedback and code reviews. Not true. I received feedback twice the entire time I was at GA. And it was never code reviews. Most of the feedback was behavioral, which isn’t what I was there for, I was there to learn to code.\nThey also said you can go to bootcamp with no experience and be successful. Also not true. Out of our group and the group before us, 2 people are hired 2 months out. In past groups, 4–5 months out, about half of them are hired. I have no idea where they get their 99% hiring rate from, but it’s not accurate. In my class, every single person had previous experience, years of experience in some cases in the field. Only me and 5 other students were coming in as true beginners and 2 of those students dropped within three weeks. The worst part about General Assembly and the primary reason I wouldn’t recommend it is wasted time in class and mistakes during the lectures. Almost every single lecture, the teachers were obviously not familiar with the material and made huge mistakes in the code that at times set us back 8 hours of work. That is totally unacceptable when we’re paying close to 14,000$ for a 12–week bootcamp. There were so many mistakes that students actually stated they didn’t even come to class/did other stuff during class because they knew they’d have to reteach themselves later.\nGeneral Assembly is a middle ground where the more experienced students aren’t challenged enough and the less experienced students don’t stand a chance. GA is spending all their money expanding and not enough money fixing what they have. If they keep up the bad experience my group and I had, GA will not be around much longer. There’s way too many bootcamps that can actually fulfill what they promise, and do it for cheaper.\nSidenote: GA is constantly asking for feedback and I did communicate all of this to them in feedback surveys. I know they try to incorporate feedback so I hope they fix their program because I’m not the only student feeling extremely disappointed in my outlay of time and money.\nNot to say it wasn’t a good experience because it was and I learned so, so much. It’s been a great launchpad and I feel excited about learning much more on my own/online programs such as Udacity. But, I don’t think it’s a comprehensive jumpstart to actually begin a career as it would be at Hack Reactor/Galvanize.\nIf you have any questions at all about details of the course, or you want any more information about my experience, feel free to reach out. I’m happy to talk.\nContact: geckogirl312@yahoo.com\n**Used my less frequent email as to remain anonymous\nThis Review Is Helpful25Flag as inappropriate., Like all study\'s there are ups (fun class great insturctor and assistant)\xa0and downs (jam packed with fast moving topics to cover and semi difficult assignments to complete while working)\xa0\nNick ( the instructor) and Vito (assistant) were well rounded, very pro in all topics , there is never an "I don\'t know moment".\nFun classes and assignments, great encouragement and enthusiasm.\nFast pace for beginners that will come out at the end proud to have developed working\xa0web apps and better understanding of the lingo and being able to manipulate code, fixing bugs,\xa0start writing own scripts from scratch, and explore libraries.\nPeople with experience in coding or a bit of JavaScript will gain knowledge in most recent trends , frameworks, and will enjoy the subject as much as n\u200bewbies, as\xa0The instructor had reworked the course to make it\xa0very relevant to what the industry is currently using, and what would be most relevant.\nMy work is confident in GA, therefore very confident to let me use\xa0the skills I have just recently learnt,\xa0at work.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Mixed bag of instructors. Materials had a some\xa0errors. Admin staff was unresponsive at times. Not enough data scientists brought in for teaching and career insight. This could change going forward as feedback was given and the instructors for the next cohort sound potentially\xa0better. I was still able to learn machine learning, but the process could have been much smoother.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I attended web development immersive course at GA and it\'s undoubtedly the best investment of my time and money. I came from a\xa0programming background but still I have learnt so many new things and improved my\xa0coding skills. It helped me make a career change and landed me in the job I love to do.\nThis Review Is Helpful11Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Build a fully responsive, interactive website that stands apart from the usual templates.\nUnderstand how a skillful mix of programming and layout powers the web we see – and how teams collaborate to create it.\nUse HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, GitHub, and Sublime in concert.\nI was so excited to be in this course and it was marketed as a Beginner course that anyone could take!\nI felt overwhelmed from day one, utilized the tutors but could not catch up. I asked my teacher for help understanding topics and he could not explain them in a way that I could understand.\nI had just come off a semester of Straight A\'s from a nearby college studying various Computer Science topics. I felt very discouraged with the teacher\'s inability to teach me and the misrespresentation that anyone could follow a long with the program with no prior experience.\nThis Review Is Helpful11Flag as inappropriate., I personally thought it was a great program that was really what you made of it. It had a vast array of resources to define one\'s skills, but at the same time was not too time consuming and demanding.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., We\'re in week 10 of the 12-week data science immersive program, and I really regret choosing GA. Last week, after almost 2 months of ignoring student concerns,\xa0the administration parted ways with our lead instructor, gave us a 20% discount, and decided to extend\xa0the program by a week. You can imagine what the program has been like for these things to happen.\nThere ARE some wonderful people working at GA.\xa0However there isn\'t quality control (on anything), and the administration has handled the situation in our class quite poorly. I\'d recommend choosing a better and better-established program, even if you plan to work in DC.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful15Flag as inappropriate., The instructors are hit or miss; we had one amazing instructor, but the other instructor was often unprepared to teach. \xa0The curriculum gives a good introduction to the basics as well as cutting edge technologies for web development and the projects provide good hands on experience. \xa0There is very little job assistance following graduation. \xa0GA advertises a reverse job fair where employers come to see your work, but for ours only 5 recruiters showed up and they were looking for people with previous tech experience. \xa0GA does not have relationships with companies to place students for internships or jobs. \xa0Especially in Seattle, if you do not have previous experience in the tech industry or a large network of friends in tech, you will struggle to find a job. \xa05 months after graduation, only 4 people in our cohort are working in tech.\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., Overall, an incredible opportunity that you can and will see the rewards from if you are willing to put the time and effort in. Having absolutely no technical background 6 months prior to application/acceptance of the web dev bootcamp, I am now a full time web developer. It is one of the most difficult and time consuming thing I have ever done. It is 12 weeks of non stop work, realistically\xa0somewhere between 60-80/hrs of\xa0work per week. Very fast paced, and a TON of information, much of which you aren\'t even sure your actually learning until you\'ve moved on from it and are applying the concepts in actual work.\nVery relevant course work and curriculum, they definitely make an effort to stay ahead of industry trends to put you in the best position possible after graduation.\xa0\nYou leave the course with the skills you need to be productive in an entry level position, which I guess is really all you can ask for from a school.\nJob Assistance is kind of a joke, keeping in contact with your post graduation career coach is a hassel, they speak to you like a parent making sure their kid did their chores for the week. Many areas of improvement here, the class science fair should be a demo day for potential employers not the students in other cohorts, interview prep was minimal, and the job "leads" they give you are just jobs youd see searching on your own.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., A terrific course that covered off a lot of ground. The entire UX journey is part of the curriculum and in the most part was very interesting and enjoyable.\nAs this course was the part time version of UXD unfortunately there is not much emphasis given to assistance transitioning into a UX career, although in saying that I am now confident to conduct my own case studies and apply UX thinking to them.\nThe delivery of the course was by 3 people from the industry who ranged in the experience levels. George the main course facilitator was excellent, he was approachable, calm, insightlful and delivered the content in a really pleasent manner.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I came to GA with no programming background and I\'m 47 y.o. \xa0I started the 10 week course with one instructor. \xa0I lasted two classes (of 20) before dropping. \xa0The instructor was nice, but he had never taught before and it showed. \xa0No preparation -- just winging the lectures. \xa0He knew the concepts but not communicate them. \xa0No go.\nI re-enrolled in the next 10 week course and it was awesome. \xa0Sarah Holden in the star in SF. \xa0In every class she had 30 to 80 slides, a cheat sheet, little exercises, and lots of support. \xa0Her lectures are superb -- night v day from the other class. \xa0If you take the part time front end web design\xa0class in SF, take Sarah\'s class or don\'t enroll -- that\'s my advice.\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., he cGreat coding school. A lot depends on the instructors. Classes can feel crowded. The curriculum was relevant then but less so now (may have changed).\nThis Review Is Helpful28Flag as inappropriate., Enrolling in the full-time\xa0Web Development Immersive (WDI) at General Assembly was one of the best decisions of my life. The people and instructors I met there were incredible; we have fantastic relationships to this day, and as a freelancer, my network has been utterly invaluable in building my own self-sustained business. I highly recommend the school and the course; do your homework, do all of the pre-work, and make sure this is what you want to do. Then, spend all of your time learning, experimenting, and making apps that truly interest you. Break code. Fix code. Learn code. Google everything. This course taught me how to ask the right questions, much like a new developer does on the job. The skills I learned here were absolutely transferable to a real-life job situation. The instructors not only\xa0introduced us to code, but the entire coding community. Our guest speakers were movers and shakers in the tech industry, and they never hesitated to teach us what was relevant in the world, even if that meant minor additions to the curriculum. We were tight-knit and eager to learn; our instructors saw our genuine interest and\xa0potential, and our class has remained incredibly close two years later. It wasn\'t my intention, but I\xa0made friends for life at General Assembly and learned life-changing career skills.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Part-time class in SF learning the fundamentals of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The class focused largely on JavaScript and culminated in individual projects.\nThis Review Is Helpful31Flag as inappropriate., Great mix of professionals and students This Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., The intensity of coursework seemed appropriate and I came out of the Immersive with what I feel is a strong foundation in web development. They may want to consider expanding the length of the course to better prepare people for the job market with further skills, as it seems getting in at the entry level requires more experience than the Immersive provides. Stronger internship placement would be a boon as well. The instructors were very good, dealt well with the varying skill levels in the class, and I would recommend the experience overall.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', "[I think GA delivered on what they promised. At times, it felt like glorified, guided self-education. A lot of it involves googling answers to problems. You know what? That's fine, really. That's often what you do in the real world. Sometimes, I felt like the instruction\xa0was a little too hands off for the price tag, though. I'd still do it again. No regrets.\n\r\nThe basic jist is it will prepare you for working in a web job. It's heavily technology-based, light on computer science and theory, which is fine. It doesn't help in some interviews where they'll ask a lot of computer science questions that you have no idea how to answer, but dammit, you've built web applications! And that should be good enough. There's no one-size-fits-all approach to teaching programming and development. Their model is relatively good at making people into entry-level to junior level developers with some hands-on experience in current web technologies.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I had a good experience attending General Assembly - my teachers were knowledgeable and engaging, my classmates were awesome, and the material was good for the change I was making.\xa0\nI think my overall impression since having left is not great though. There is no interest or support for students after they leave and GA misses a huge mark by not pursuing alumni engagement.\xa0\nLots of potential and good opportunities here, especially in the DC network, but I think this GA team is more focused on its own internal drama and not enough on growing a solid curriculum\xa0and network.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I had a great experience at General Assembly's Web Development Immersive. I came into it with virtually no programming experience, other than the pre-work we were assigned after enrolling. It's a cliche, but it is definitely a situation where you get out of it what you put into it, and I worked as hard as I could tolerate throughout the 12 weeks (and I continue to do so), because I knew\xa0how much catching up I would have to do to be able to market myself and my skills.\nThe instructors were excellent, very knowledgeable and available, with varying experience levels between them. The course itself was very project-focused, so that we would have applications to demo for potential employers at the end of it, but there was also ample time given to covering concepts we might expect to be asked about in\xa0interviews, and what to expect upon entering the workforce.\xa0\nThe only major complaint I have is the focus on Ruby on Rails for so much of the course, despite its apparent dwindling in popularity in my development market. I understand later WDIs incorporated more JavaScript/Node, which I wish I had had more exposure to throughout the course.\xa0\nIt's important to\xa0understand how little you actually know even after intensely working for 12 weeks, but as long as an incoming students expectations of both the process and the results\xa0are appropriate, I'd recommend it. The real value in the course (for me, anyway) was in providing enough knowledge and experience to\xa0enable\xa0continued self-teaching with the vast supply of tutorials, articles,\xa0and other online resources.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Learn to design and build beautiful, responsive, websites using HTML and CSS.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., GREAT EXPERIENCE. LOVED THE ONLINE COURSE, WISH THEY OFFERED ONE IN JAVA AND OTHER LANGUAGES. WOULD DEFINITELY ATTEND AGAIN EVEN THOUGH IT WAS VERY EXPENSIVE.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Learned a lot taking the Web Development immersive. \xa0Instructors can be hit or miss --- I had one that was great and one that was not so great, but they both helped me learn a ton over the 3 months of class. \xa0Finishing the course definitely does not get you a job easily, \xa0and the job search was the most difficult/frustrating part. \xa0But it all worked out okay as I'm now a contractor with Microsoft.\n\xa0\nLearned a lot, but there's always still more learn.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Great program, good pace. Instructors have good availability and attitudes. Will help you while also encouraging you to learn/figure out how to fix things on your own. Worked well for me.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I can't speak for campuses across the country and world, but the New York campus I experienced was a tremendously helpful/open community of people interested in learning web development and growing in the tech industry. I never experienced (though I have heard stories) of people who felt ostracized or put down by those with more knowledge/skills. Overall,\xa0I think the community as a student is a\xa0good one for fostering learning.\nIn terms of the coursework, we had very experienced instructors who had taught multiple immersives and TA's who had taken them themselves. We primarily focused on Javascript over Ruby (I believe we were one of the first classes to do so at GA), which I felt at the time was a good decision considering the movement in the industry towards using JS across the stack.\nIn terms of my background, I was coming from a tech role (I was formerly a product manager at a tech company) so I had had some experience in coding in my free time. I think due to that I felt frustrated at times by the pace of the class which spent a good deal of the first month on beginner aspects of web development. While I understand why it's structured that way (not everyone comes from tech), I wish a few of those weeks had been moved into pre-work. I think moving that work into pre-work would have helped prepare students for the rigors of web development and allowed us to get into more advanced topics quicker. One of the things I heard while interviewing is that students don't come out with enough exposure to the computer sciency aspects of development that some companies don't feel confident hiring grads because of that. There's just too much unknown that the student can pick up those concepts.\nOn that topic, I was somewhat disappointed with the career placement services. I felt it was a lot of resume and cover letter re-writing, as opposed to introduction to hiring managers and advice on how to continue your growth following the class. I actually felt I got better advice from a handful of recruiters I met who openly told me that they didn't have any jobs for me, but helped out of the goodness of their hearts.\xa0I felt, at times, that I was left to fend for myself when it came to meeting hiring managers and given GA's considerable size that it should have been able to leverage its community more productively than it did.\nThat being said, I did get hired within 3 months of graduating as a developer so all in all I'm a success story!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly is great if you only focus on the teachers, the environment, the students, the curriculum, and the outcomes. But, after all, these are for-profit businesses. More and more you started to see these things creep into life at general assembly. While they say not everyone who has the money can get in, I'm not sure I believe it. They have less of a focus on paying upper echelon teachers now than when they started. There's more of a reliance on TAs who get paid fairly low amounts (and are typically previous students to keep those outcomes numbers high). They cut benefits like happy hours and lunches that bring students together and improve networks. They raise tuition whenever possible (despite the fact that all they are providing are a space and knowledge, they charge more per hour than even the most vicious private colleges).\n\xa0\nWould I do it again? Yes. It is solely responsible for getting me where I am today. But if they're not careful, bootcamps will be analagous with low-quality in the years to come.\nWork hard, make awesome projects (and rockin portfolio), network, and you'll be fine here.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Great program, classes were fun and learned so much. Outcomes support can use a little more help.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I had a great experience with this course. Well paced. Plenty of one-on-one time with tutors who were helpful and patient.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly's\xa0Full stack web development course got me a full time job with benefits within 3 months. Concise course plan, knowledgable and engaging professors, dedicated job placement support.\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate.]", '[I truly enjoyed my bootcamp experience. While I think the market is currently oversaturated, it was a great experience and career changing vehicle for those of us who have already gone through it. Everyone I know who went through the bootcamp has gotten a job in the field. Mission accomplished.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Product Managment Certification (Part-Time)\nI found the program solid and helpful.\xa0I’ve been in product management for about seven years now. This program is much for new professionals or those seeking to enter the profession. However, I went in with the objective of defragmenting my knowledge from years of various PM roles is very different kinds of companies and products. The program did its job, I was able to:\n\nDefragment my experience into core best practices.\nUnderstand what kind of product manager I am vs. what kind of product manager I want to be.\nHave confidence in customer centricity and testing assumptions and hypotheses using\xa0scientific method. (…and fighting for that in the organizations I work for where needed.)\n\nI would recommend this part-time course to anyone interested in product management and is NOT YET a product person or within their first three years.\nWhere this program did not serve me as a senior level product manager:\n(But I didn’t expect it to…)\n\nWe didn’t spend much time on\nProduct Strategy and strategic thinking\nSteering a product with metric data or refining KPIs and metrics as a result.\nProduct finance\r\n\t\nPricing\nProfit and loss\n\n\n\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., This class was a complete waste of time. The teacher sped through all of the crucial aspects of basic Photoshop, but spent an\xa0exorbitant amount of time going over the simplest tasks\xa0(like opening a new file). I expected to come out of the class having at learned at least the basics of inserting\xa0an image onto a different background. The teacher was obviously very skilled with the program, but was not good at slowing down to repeat herself and show how she made her changes. The teacher also didn\'t handle individual questions well - she told several students she didn\'t know the answers to their questions and was visibly irritated when the class didn\'t catch what she said and asked her to repeat.\xa0I was VERY disappointed in this class and learned nothing new from it. If you want to learn Photoshop I\'d suggest saving your money, repeating free online classes, and if you want one on one help, spend the $60 on an hour of tutoring. You\'ll learn more that\'s actually useful.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Part-time course taken on campus in Austin, Texas. Designed to give students an all-encompassing and actionable understanding of digital marketing best practices. Upon enrolling in the course I had about 8 months marketing experience/learning and was\xa0employed full-time in a marketing position (note: by\xa0a company that knew as much about marketing as Jon Snow knows about anything) and pursuing my own venture on the side. This course was great for filling in the knowledge gaps for me and giving me the chance to ask questions of\xa0an experienced marketing professional (instructor). Prior to the course I did not in any way know how to build a marketing strategy from scratch- now I do and the\xa0class was worth every penny and minute in that regard.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the User Experience Design Immersive course that ended in May 2016. \xa0Overall, I had a great experience. \xa0I feel like I gained a really solid foundation for understanding what UX is, and also some great practical skills for moving forward. \xa0I think the fact that the GA course is structured around 5 projects allowed me to gain invaluable experience in working on teams, and design presentation/storytelling that will be very useful for me as I move forward in my career. \xa0I found my classmates to be interesting to talk to, and generally very nice people, and they definitely helped push my thinking and understanding forward. \xa0My instructors pushed me just the right amount, while also being available for support as needed. \xa0The curriculum does a great job of hitting on the fundamentals.\nAll that said, it\'s important to point out that my experience is that\xa0this course is planned pretty much\xa0as well as a 10-week course on UX design could be planned. \xa0But that 10 weeks by itself won\'t be enough. \xa0In order to find your first job, you should expect to have to do some networking during the course, and also more networking after the course, as well as additional work on your portfolio after the course. \xa0All that said, like anything else, UX is an ongoing learning process, and I felt like my 10 weeks prepared me well to move forward in the field. \xa0Overall, I recommend the GA class highly for anyone is motivated to enter the field of UX design.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I am deeply disturbed by this program and its lack of professionalism, and it makes me really sad since I had great expectations.\nThe curriculum is poorly managed and developed. A lot of it is borrowed from, or exactly the same as, free online resources like code school and codeacademy. Yet for this program, you pay 13,500.\nThe grading and supervision is all over the map. I\'ve gotten perfect marks on assignments where multiple other students hit the criteria better than me, just because of the luck of the draw on the instructor you get grading you.\nIn my class, 1/4 of the near 15 students failed out after the second unit. Another half of the class was \'held back\' because the instruction was so spotty, and missed out on an entire unit that we paid to be taught.\xa0\nThe assignments that you do on your own are very misleading. A lot of this work needs to be structured into your weekend, which is fine -- however frequently assignments will say that it is expected to take four hours when reality it is more like 12. It causes a lot of confusion and makes it impossible to plan your schedule.\xa0\nThe outcomes, or career support, is nonsensical. Anyone with half a brain will know most of the content anyway, as it pertains to developing a resume and your professional brand.\xa0\nThe projects, which are supposed to be building your portfolio, are often really just excuses for the professors to regroup or plan lessons. You get no support while you are trying to do these projects, and for that reason usually half the class\'s projects are unfit to use on any portfolio worth a recruiter\'s time.\nThe lesson plans in particular, are atrocious. Often half the class is eaten up by troubleshooting because the lessons haven\'t been updated for the latest version of a given technology, or because half the professors are on an older version of that technology. One half of our class was taught a language that is eminently expiring, so they will have to relearn that entire unit. Just poor, poor planning.\xa0\nWhen you bring concerns to the staff, they have a very typical bubbly young startup reaction, which is to try to compliment you and be jocular to get you to buy in to the premise again. In reality this is just a terribly, terribly run program, and a terribly, terribly poor product.\nI wish I would have done more research, or gone with any other school. They are all roughly the same insofar as pricing, and I can only imagine they would be a vast improvement. Steer clear.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful21Flag as inappropriate., GA\'s Front-End Web Development (FEWD) course was a fantastic way to kickstart my career and make a long-awaited transition from journalism into tech.\xa0\nI came across the\xa0FEWD\xa0course shortly after GA moved to London and after meeting Devin Hunt (the lead instructor)\xa0and the GA support team I was excited to enrol in the program.\nI had no prior programming experience going into the course and I must admit I was a little nervous\xa0but the instructors adapted to the pace of the class well throughout and\xa0I now have a great\xa0website which utilises\xa0HTML5, CSS3, JQuery.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., intensive 3 month full stack web development course.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I not only learned alot on the UX design immersive course, I grew and developed into a UX practitioner, honing and developing my craft as I work on more projects.\nWithout GA I would not have been able to change my career and make so many wonderful friends along the way. I think the course has changed my life and it has helped me do what I always wanted to do, make a small contribution and impact,\xa0improving\xa0lives,\xa0products and services incrementally a little bit day by day.\nMy hat and\xa0thanks go out to my instructors and our course producer Laura who made it such a memorable experience.\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I studied IT at university and frankly didn\'t really learn enough to start building a fully responsive\xa0website. I recently started my own business offering guided tours around the British Countryside and wanted to create my own website from scratch.\xa0\nI stumbled upon General Assembly\'s Front End Web Development (FEWD) course in London after a conversation with a friend who had taken one of their workshops.\xa0\nAfter speaking with one of their friendly Admissions team I was still a little nervous about spending so much money, so requested a call with the instructor. I was connected a few days later with Antonio Lulic, who was set to teach the next cohort. Antonio was fantastic and ran me through exactly what the course would cover and what I could expect to do upon graduation.\xa0\nI placed my deposit and never looked back. I now have an awesome website which utilises, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery and have the confidence to continuously update it. I learned coding really doesn\'t stand still and you need the right mindset to learn on the fly and copy code from other sources. My site is also mobile responsive!\nThis course was brilliant. I made friends, and GA\'s support network is second to none. Highly recommeded for anyone wanting to learn web development.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have to admit I was initially skeptical of leaving my current job and committing to the\xa0User Experience Design Immersive, looking back,\xa0I am so glad I did. It\'s a big deal to decide to leave what is familiar, have little to no financial support, and be open to something that you don\'t know will work out, that\'s why the staff at GA is\xa0wholly committed to help you "do what you love". It\'s\xa0a mantra that we\'ve all heard before, but in my experience at the Atlanta campus, it truly\xa0underlies every facet of the program. The friendships, skills, and\xa0networks that I have created through General Assembly are invaluable, and continue to be a part of my ongoing sucess, even after\xa0the completion of the program. GA does a spectacular job of creating the right kind of opportunities for young professionals,\xa0career changers, or those just looking for something else.\xa0Not only do they expose you to the latest trends, software, and skills that are in demand, but they provide you with an additional support group to ensure that you are a part of that.\xa0Both students and staff are incredibly passionate, and driven.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I went to GA and took the Web Development Immersive course because I was ready to change my career. I wasn\'t just signing up for classes online in the evening; I was ready to fully take my future into my own hands and DO something about it. GA did that for me, and so much more.\nWDI is an extremely challenging course and not just mentally and physically but emotionally too. I probably spent nearly 100 hours a week learning and practicing the fundamentals of web development from scratch. Every minute I put into that process though paid off for me when I got a job almost a week after returning home from the course. GA gave me the confidence I needed to prove that I was capable of learning, and learning fast in a rapidly changing industry, as well as the toolbelt to succeed in the work place.\nI loved how the course was structured with flexibility based on the instructors. It is taught by real professionals in the industry so you are getting first hand content and tips based on their experience in the field. The course changes based on the market you\'re taking it in and what interests the class holds. It really became a personalized course because of how much the instructors cared about our experience as students. They wanted to see us succeed and be passionate about our work. They were there to teach us, provide feedback, and encourage us throughout the 12 week course.\nOn top of everything else, it was probably one of the best 3 months of my life. Thank you, GA!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate.]', '[If you have a background or degree in tech, great if not good luck. I compare this course to learning Chinese, inside of a Chinese classroom, with a Chinese instructor, who only speaks Chinese and you\'ve never heard a word of Chinese in your life. Some people were able to catch on but the majority of them had degrees or a background in Tech. If you\'re just a regular person such as myself, I definitely would not recommend General Assembly to you. This course is not designed for every day people who want to change their lives. Immersive doesn\'t even describe how fast the course moves. We spent literally one day on HTML two or three days on CSS and that was it. After that you get a couple weeks of Ruby, a few of Javascript and more advanced JavaScript later on. You don\'t have time to even begin to grasp one concept before you\'re given another and expected to be able to perform it. Two of the most common sayings I heard while at General Assembly were, "Google it" because the teachers usually didn\'t want to even answer your questions and "Well in the interest of time" and then the instructor  would proceed on to the next thing and encouraged us to try to figure out whatever we were wondering in our spare time. The staff at General Assembly offers little support aside from advising you to stay after class where you can speak with the teacher for 15 minute intervals and work with other lost students -even then I didn\'t find the instructors to be very helpful. They never seemed to be able to grasp the concept of "I don\'t understand". The class projects are basically given to you before you have to do them. The teacher does a whole app with the class (code-a-long) that\'s just like the one you will have to do and then you just go along and redo the teacher\'s and just change a few things to make it your own. I built applications for project assigments without remotely knowing how to actually do it on my own. The prework and admissions assignment are child\'s play compared to the course. Overall I would say if you have a background in web development, if you played around with it at home for a while this course might be great for you but if you\'re just a regular person with no experience in web development I definitely would not recommend General Assembly.This Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., At General Assembly we learned full-stack web development. The teachers were very nurturing and cared a great deal about student learning and engagement. Although the curriculum was jam packed, my peers and I left with a great set of skills that go beyond the classroom.\nThis Review Is Helpful17Flag as inappropriate., I\'ve had a great time in DSI and learned a ton. I went from not knowing python\xa0to being able to successfully implement\xa0complex machine learning techniques in the span of a few months.\nThat being said; anyone considering the program should know what they are and are not getting from DSI:\n\nDSI\xa0is not\xa0a python software development course. You will learn how to manipulate and analyze data using python, but python itself is not the focus. Your code will not be pretty, but it will get the job done.\nDSI\xa0is not\xa0a zero to sixty program. If you don\'t like math, don\'t have a decent grasp of statistics, and have never used the command line before, DSI is going to be rough. The more you bring in, the better.\nDSI\xa0is not\xa0a complete Data Science program. They have 12 weeks to take a group of people with varying degrees of familiarity with computer science and statistics and give them a solid, fundamental basis is data science that they can take into the job market. DSI will not take you from never touching python to coasting into a high paying job with facebook; but it will get you on the road that takes you there.\nDSI\xa0is\xa0a fast paced, guided learning experience. Being the pilot program, there were significant structural problems with my cohort. The question I continually asked myself during the worst of it was: "If I quit my job, took 12 weeks, and worked as hard as I could learning python and statistics, would I end up in a better place job-wise than staying in DSI?" - For me, the answer was always no; DSI provides a framework and resources for learning complex, difficult material that I would not have access to on my own. Additionally, the benefit of learning alongside a large group of others fighting through the same material cannot be valued enough - not to mention the people who I helped and who in turn helped me will form the nucleus of my professional network. No amount of meet ups and personal study would accomplish that in 12 weeks.\nDSI\xa0is what you put into it. If you rely on GA to give you everything, to provide all the materials you need to learn a subject - you\'re doing yourself a disservice. When you enter DSI the clock starts. You now have 12 weeks to learn as much as you can, so you can find a job where you put those skills to practice. DSI provides a great framework, leading you from topic to topic, grouping similar subjects, easing the transition between difficult, disparate problems.\nDSI\xa0is not easy.\xa0There\'s a lot to learn, and not a lot of time. If you\'re not keeping up with the work, you\'re going to get left behind.\n\n\xa0\nI\'ve had a great experience in DSI, and feel very confident in my career prospects.\xa0\nAm I about to step into a senior data scientist position at a premier company? Probably not, but 12 weeks ago I was not in a position to even consider those jobs.\xa0\nNow I have a solid foundation in the industry, a growing network of professional contacts, and a roadmap to a successful career in data science - exactly what I was looking for when I signed up.\nThis Review Is Helpful15Flag as inappropriate., \xa0\nGA\'s data science immersive has been the single most intellectually challenging experience of my life, making college look like a walk in park. \xa0However, in the past 11 weeks, I have learned an extraordinary amount and feel confident about my prospects in entering the workforce, particularly given the extremely high demand for data scientists right now.\nAs earlier reviewers have mentioned, the GA\'s data science immersive is a pilot program, and GA DC got off to a particularly rocky start, due to some mishaps with curriculum development, followed by our primary instructor quitting without notice a week and a half in.\nWhile this was a very frustrating experience for the student body, I was very impressed with GA\'s swift and appropriate response to the situation. \xa0They exploited their many connections to hire\xa0a highly qualified new instructor immediately, while highly qualified and capable instructors from other immersives helped fill in the gaps. \xa0They also gave a substantial refund and added extra time to the program to insure that students would have adequate time to master the material and complete capstone projects.\nGA must have lost an enormous amount of money on our pilot program, but they did what they had to do to insure that we came away with a quality education. \xa0The next cohort will have it much better than we did, as the curriculum has been improved and a strong instructional team is in place.\nOf course, this class is still really really hard. Instructors do not, and cannot, take the time to walk you through how to do everything step by step. \xa0They give us direction and help us out when we are stuck, but ultimately, the onus is on us to learn the material.\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., I took this course it went by very fast and if you do not have a clue going in you are in trouble. The TA\'s are great but I still have not found a position it has been 1.5\xa0years. The hiring process is also grueling right now. I don\'t blame GA for anything, this course was tough and they assume you have some knowledge. They do not inform you that you should have some knowledge before entering.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I recently completed the UX design class at GA and absolutely loved it. My instructors were incredibly helpful and gave me the base I needed to start building my portfolio and applying to jobs. I also appreciate GA\'s devotion to their alumni network. The class is intense and time consuming, but well worth it.\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., The instructors were great and very helpful and the TAs were very generous with their time.\nHowever, it\'s a real grind and the job placement help (they call it "outcomes") was a real joke. Outcomes should have been something tacked on at the end of the actual web development training instead of interspersed throughout (ideally, it could have been optional, giving students the option of not paying for that part of the class.)\nAt the end of it all, I feel like I\'ve learned a lot, but I don\'t feel like my outlook for finding a job in tech is very promising and I still have a long way to go before I\'ll be qualified for any openings I find online.\xa0\nNot to mention, the class mostly focused on MEAN stack which already has a ton of free or low-cost tutorials online. If you have the patience and discipline, save yourself $13,000 and learn this stuff online. I recommend starting with Free Code Camp.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly is an awesome bootcamp, if a bootcamp is what you\'re seeking. In the three month immersive, we\'ve covered a ton of Data Science topics. I went from hardly using the command line to being able to use a variety of python libraries to\xa0query databases, scrape web data, clean and organize data, find trends and patterns in it, build models to analyze and predict it, and communicate results visually from that. This makes up the foundation of data science, and is definitely not something I could have done at the beginning of the course.\xa0\nGA is not a Masters program. If you\'re looking for in depth theoretical analysis and deep dives into lots of microsubjects, you may be better served in a longer program at a university. If what you\'re looking for is a rapid fire survey of the relevant topics and the ability to dig deeper yourself into the topics that catch your interests, then it\'s awesome. You\'ll definitely be able to find your niche and your passions and participate in activities to support that, and they\'re helpful with finding and providing resources (like books) to further this pursuit. You will definitely come away with a toolkit that is highly applicable to the field.\xa0\nI will say that my experience is in the pilot program of the immersive. There are things to be ironed out, specifically in clarity in the curriculum and overall course flow. However I do know that the administration and instructors are aware of this and are actively working to refine this for the next cohort. I see the other immersives around here and their curriculum is very finely tuned, so I know that this is headed to a great place, and quickly.\xa0\nBe clear about your needs and make sure that you\'re a fit for the place. If you\'re willing to work independently and quickly and get a jump start in the field, this program sets you up for success. They won\'t hold your hand, but they will give you the tools you need. It\'s a learn by doing, hands on type of place. If that\'s how you learn best, I think you could do great things here.\xa0\nOh, and the Outcomes team to help with job assistance - again, you get out what you put in. They won\'t seek you out necessarily, but they are always willing to provide feedback and support when asked. They structure activities throughout the course and if you hold yourself accountable to their timeline, you\'ll have a solid job hunting kit ready to go by the end of the course. Take advantage of this!\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly has bitten off way more than they can chew with their Data Science Immersive program. We are told the one new instructor we finally got, weeks after the first one quit, does know what he is doing. However, I am not really sure since he has the TA cramming on the weekends to teach us material and then isn\'t here when she can\'t answer the questions we have.\nThey are also getting ready to recruit for the next running of the Data Science Immersive which is completely laughable at this point. If you are looking at it, save your money. Either do the PT program or wait to see if GA is still offering this a year from now.\nAt this point I am just sticking around for the career assistance because I do need a job after this and I am really curious to see how they are actually going to find those of us that stuck around meaningful jobs given how poorly we are being prepared for them.\nThis Review Is Helpful20Flag as inappropriate., The range and depth of content was perfect for a \'beginner\' to enter the world of data science. It also provides a good opportunity for devs (who already have a good understanding of programming) to explore types of business problem they may not have been exposed to before.\nI would recommend to get the most out of the course participants spend 6 months (c. 100 - 200 hours) making sure they understand the basic of Python and stats before enrolling. There were some members on the course who hadn\'t done this and they still learnt a lot - but probably found it more difficult to keep up.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]']["[:::Curriculum:::UX is an ever-changing field and GA recognizes this very well. They are constantly updating their curriculum based on feedback from instructors, students, and industry trends. All of the topics and tools covered were relevant and helpful. Attending UX events or reading UX articles really demonstrated how much information I learned in the bootcamp.\xa0Building a portfolio was one of my key goals for taking this course. By the end, I had a couple of class projects that I could turn into a case study as well as a real-world client project. This final UX project gives students the chance to work with a real client and apply their newly acquired UX skills. It was definitely one of the highlights of the course in terms of experience and has yielded the engagement post-graduation.:::Instructors:::Our cohort had 2 lead instructors and 2 Instructional Associates (IA). All 4 were amazing. They supported everyone in the class and showed so much empathy and understanding of things UX. The 2 leads had so much experience and would constantly use past anecdotes to reinforce the lessons. The 2 IA (former graduates) were always available for help and would provide amazing feedback and one-on-one meetings when needed. They understood what we were all going through and supported us during tough times. Yes, there will be tough times but know that you are not alone (see the next paragraph).:::UX Friends:::Attending a GA bootcamp makes you a part of the GA network and it is big! I have met so many amazing people through networking and events. The immersive course is like a full-time job and after 12 weeks, you really learn a lot about your fellow designers. You learn about each other’s backgrounds and their unique stories. We had a former teacher, journalist, architect, food server, car salesman, and so much more. I am constantly amazed at how close our cohort was and is. Even today, we still keep in touch. Having this network is amazing and I love hearing about new success stories.\xa0:::Conclusion:::This course was tough. There is a lot to learn and do in 12 weeks. The toughest part will be finding a job after graduation. You will have enough knowledge to do UX but I have found that experience is essential. Your portfolio will look like a portfolio of a UX bootcamp graduate filled with school projects. You will need to figure out what is best to overcome this obstacle but it can be done. In the end, I would recommend the UX Design Immersive program.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Intro:In my experience, the online UXD Immersive was an amazing environment to learn the basic foundations of UXD. Don’t think however that going through a bootcamp is an easy and effortless way to make a career switch and a surefire way to score a UXD job post-course. The curriculum, instructors, and career coach give you the tools to become successful, but you need to go above and beyond to make the most out of it.\xa0Pros:Amazing learning environment. I’ve never been surrounded by such incredibly positive people before. Everyone in my bootcamp (instructors, career coach, and cohort) genuinely wanted to see everyone succeed and it was so refreshing to have people constantly rooting for you and lifting you up. I’ve always been really shy and never liked asking questions or speaking up in school, but the instructors and my cohort peers truly value everyone’s opinion, so I never felt embarrassed or too shy to ask questions. I also never felt any weird competitive toxic energy during my bootcamp (versus in the past where I’ve been in environments where everything seemed like a toxic competition).\xa0I also felt so supported knowing that my instructors were truly passionate about what they were teaching and were always there if you needed additional assistance. In the past during college and whatnot, I had so many dismissive professors where it seemed like they didn’t care about their students and I’ve never really enjoyed being in class so going into the bootcamp I didn’t really know what to expect, but I was so pleasantly surprised at how compassionate, honest, and supportive my instructors were. My cohort was about 35-40 people give or take (so I was a little nervous that I wouldn’t have a personalized experience), but I felt like the instructors genuinely cared about all of us and took the time to answer everyone’s questions.Cons:You are taught design in a very formulaic academic way and your portfolio will reflect this and initially will probably really suck. This course teaches you UXD foundations, but understand that it’s easy to get caught up in adhering to GA’s very formulaic design methodologies when creating your design portfolio case studies and your work is going to scream “I just graduated from a bootcamp!”. The feedback given from instructors when critiquing your class projects tbh wasn’t as helpful as it could have been. During the course, it seemed like the instructors gave good feedback, but when I graduated and got feedback from design professionals outside of GA, that was a HUGE wake-up call. I feel like the feedback I received from instructors throughout the course on my projects and portfolio pieces were too easy and missed a lot versus when I sought outside opinions post bootcamp. I get that the instructors only have so much time to give feedback to all the students and that they’re tied closely to all of the projects they give out, but definitely, the most valuable feedback I got was from my networking calls after the course. Also too, when you present your projects during the bootcamp, your cohort peers also give you feedback, but this was totally unhelpful. Cohort peer feedback was totally unhelpful because a.) my cohort was just so nice and nobody wanted to hurt anyone’s feelings so it’d always be super positive, like “great job, good work!” without any actual critiques or room for improvement and then b.) we’re all students, so we didn’t really know how to properly critique a person’s design work or the small things to watch out for.\xa0\nAdvice:\xa0IT IS ESSENTIAL to seek outside opinions once your portfolio and case studies are ready. After graduating on January 20th, I spent about a month and a half finishing up my portfolio and then setting up networking and portfolio review calls. I went on about 30+ networking/portfolio review calls during this time. I also was applying to jobs and not having any luck. After this initial first month and a half post bootcamp, I took about another month to really fix my portfolio based on all the feedback I had received. After updating and making revisions to my case studies and actual portfolio website, that’s when I finally started gaining some traction with job applications. Then I took another month applying to jobs, interviewing, etc… I applied to about 127 roles and interviewed at 10 companies (1 intern role, 1 part-time role, and 8 full-time roles). Then on April 28th I received my first full-time contract offer and took it. So overall my job hunt was about 3 months. What I found to help me be the most successful was that initial month and a half going on networking and portfolio review calls and really making my case studies to where they needed to be. The main case study that I would present during interviews was from the GA client project and I ended up doing 3 case study revisions on that and 2 additional UI revisions to the initial project. Definitely seeking outside advice and applying that to my portfolio I believe was essential to my success.\xa0Last Thoughts:It’s really all up to you on whether or not you succeed. Also too as far as career support goes, during the bootcamp you have “Outcomes” once a week. This was a lesson on things like writing cover letters, resumes, interviewing, etc… I didn’t find any of this information to be groundbreaking (but I suppose if you haven’t been in the job hunt situation in a long time this information could be helpful). For me I graduated college undergrad in 2018, so the process of writing cover letters, creating a resume, applying to jobs was all pretty fresh in my mind and felt familiar, but I can see if you’re someone who’s been in the workforce for a long time and haven’t had to write a cover letter in 10+ years, this could be helpful. Then post bootcamp you get a career coach. The career coach is there to answer questions and to guide you if you have questions, but they’re not going to hold your hand at all. I found my career coach Ruby really helpful because I knew I could rely on her to ask questions and to get her opinions on things. You need to actively utilize the fact that you have a career coach as a resource though, once again no one is going to do any work for you.\xa0Another point I wanted to make - why I chose GA over other bootcamps… I looked at other courses like Springboard, Designlab, Flatiron, etc… What made me choose GA is because I wanted that accountability factor of having to be in class 8+ hours a day, 5 days a week, and to really commit myself to this career switch. I think I would have really struggled to make this career switch if I had done a course like Springboard where you go at your own pace. I like being held accountable and having hard deadlines. Also having a cohort there to support you. GA's bootcamp price was worth it for me, I took out a loan for GA which was scary at first since I am still trying to pay off my undergrad loans. Also to note I am in a privileged position where I was able to quit my old job and move back in with my family so I wouldn’t have to worry about paying rent while doing this course and job hunting. So I’ve been fortunate enough where I haven’t had to worry too much about not having a job during these past 6 months of the bootcamp and job hunting since I’m living with my family, but if you’re someone who isn’t in the same situation, obviously the commit of GA might be too much.\xa0\nOverall if you realize that your success will be based on how much work you put in and the GA bootcamp will not guarantee a job, I think this could be a great experience for someone who wants to make a career switch into UX! Also overall too this whole experience has been incredibly positive and has made me much more confident in myself and feeling much happier and positive!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This was one of the best experiences I have had! The instructors are veterans in the field, extremely patient and helpful, and willing to help whenever needed. Not only were the instructors incredible, but I have met some of the most talented and friendly people through this bootcamp. Although the price is a bit hefty, the experience and outcome are worth every penny.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I was a student, then an instructor, and then got hired in the industry I was concentrating in. I took the Data Science Intensive and found the curriculum to be solid and the instructors very knowledgeable. Given the intensive nature of the course, outside effort was required but extremely rewarding. Do NOT go into an intensive unprepared; do the pre-work and commit to the course as if it were a job.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Before I go into detail, I want to make it clear that this is a 12-week course. You can't learn everything in 12 weeks. You should go into this knowing that you're going to pull all-nighters, cry, and become frustrated—but you have tons of support and resources available to you, so take advantage of it! I enjoyed GA's course. I feel like we learned all of the things that we'd want to learn from an instructor and not on our own. This is an incredibly fast-paced class. I was in the remote program due to COVID, and my course was M-F, 9-5. The work doesn't stop at 5. Expect your 40-hour week to actually be 80+. PROS: You'll be exposed to in-demand technologies, languages, and frameworks such as JavaScript, React, and Python. My class had 2 instructors and 2 instructor associates. We also had 2 TAs who spent their evenings with us for help 7 days a week. Everyone is incredibly supportive and knowledgeable. I never felt intimidated asking for help. You'll also have career support after the program ends. We had 4 projects to help build out our portfolio. One project was a group project, so I was able to work on a team and get that experience which is obviously useful in the real world unless you're working for yourself. You'll come out of the program as a full-stack engineer, and don't let anyone else tell you otherwise. CONS: This is a 12-week course, so you're not going to be job-ready at the end. You're going to learn just enough to be able to continue learning the rest on your own. You've got to make extra time to practice, and you're going to get burnt out. This is a BOOTCAMP. I felt that the curriculum could've been structured a bit better. We hardly spent any time learning data structures and algorithms, which is the main thing that you need to ace during a technical interview. We only spent 1 week learning React, which is unfortunate since it's the most in-demand library in the industry. We also never went over hooks, functional components, or Redux. We only spent ~1 week learning Python—again very unfortunate since that's in-demand as well. I don't feel comfortable having Python as a language on my resume at this point. You'll want to blame the instructors, but please don't—they're doing what GA is telling them what to do. We also only had one mock technical interview—it would've been great to have more since that's very intimidating for new engineers. There wasn't really any focus on CSS frameworks, so you'll need to learn those on your own. GA reuses their course notes, which is expected... but many times they weren't updated. Generally speaking, it wasn't a huge deal until we got to PostgreSQL. You're encouraged to code along during lecture (muscle memory works!!), however, it's very fast-paced, so you're going to fall behind at some point, but that's what the notes are for. It was very frustrating when we were learning PostgreSQL, because our notes referenced SQLite. This was crammed into the week that we learned Python, so it was an absolute nightmare. The instructors even told us not to refer to the notes for PostgreSQL since the notes were wrong. It can't be that difficult to update the notes, right? When you graduate from this course, you'll be ready to apply for an internship, apprenticeship, or junior-level role. If you're in this because you think you're gonna make bank after 12-weeks, you should get on Glassdoor and check the salaries in your area for junior-level engineers. This isn't necessarily a con because you have to start somewhere, but just know that going into it. I wanted to review their Outcomes program separately. Outcomes is GA's career support, and you'll be paired with a career coach. It was frustrating to attend the Outcomes class during the week—and especially during project weeks. I wish the program would've been voluntary up until you graduate. The program is awesome and super beneficial to folks who have little to no job experience. You'll learn how to craft a resume and build out your brand, and you'll learn best practices for using LinkedIn and networking. However, if you've been working professionally for some time, you'll find this frustrating because you've likely been doing that already. That being said, once you graduate, the Outcomes program is so super incredibly helpful. You've got to meet certain criteria to remain in the program. Expect to spend around 20 hours a week applying for jobs. You'll also be expected to attend networking events. This is all up to you. You're not going to get handed anything, but you'll be coached and given the tools you need to be successful. You'll also have access to GA's direct job recommendation process. Essentially, they've got a Partnerships team that literally acts as a\xa0 Sales Team to find open roles for GA grads. If you meet the criteria for one, you can actually get a written recommendation for it. I know that I listed a ton of cons, but overall, it was a really great experience. I'd definitely recommend GA to anyone looking to make a career change. You can't do this by yourself. Just know that you have to continue doing the work after class ends. You've got to make time to practice during the week, and you can forget about self-care! But, you're going to have an amazing and supportive group of folks including the instructors, TAs, career coaches, and your entire cohort. You reap what you sow. To answer the burning question that you likely have—it took me 23 days to find a job as a full-stack web developer at a great company. I applied for 38 jobs, had 3 interviews, and had one offer. The offer that I accepted had a great starting salary for where I live (NYC)—it was more than what I expected and an awesome benefits package. I was very strategic about my job search, and for this particular job, I actually met all of the requirements because I had engineering experience prior to GA. For some folks, it might take a year to find a role, and that depends on tons of factors that GA may not even have control over such as your location and specific career goals. I'm very happy to have chosen GA, and I think that it's 100% worth the $15,000 price tag.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I registered for a digital course online thinking it will not be as good as going ot a class. What an amazing experience that was , when i end up finalising a project and having a wake up call on\xa0 even building my own business. GA have excellent teachers! the best in the industry , really passionate and entertaining no matter what. How hard is it to go back to school when you 've done it years ago. Well this is just incredible the way they manages a team of very different people - we all loved it! I really fnished the course thinking i can't beleive how much knowledge i gained in few weeks. I will recomment GA to anyone who wants to upskill, find a new purpose or even keep up to date with the market .This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., After being a stay-at-home mom for 5 years I wanted to reenter the workforce but wanted a career pivot. With a 15 year degree in marketing and graphic design I had a good background for UX but didn't know how to make the jump. On top of that, I needed a way to support myself since I was planning on getting a divorce. General assembly was the perfect chance to change my career into something that that I could support my daughter and I with. The program was intense but I couldn't have asked for better teachers and fellow classmates. It was a lot of work but I'm currently on the job search and General Assembly made my future a lot brighter in that regard. Anyone looking to radically change your life, buckle in.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have always been interested in working with computers and after being surrounded by some amazing software engineering friends, I decided I wanted to delve deeply into coding projects and problem-solve just like them. Fast forward to my General Assembly experience, I graduated from the Software Engineering Immersive program where I developed skills in JavaScript, React, Ruby on Rails, and other technical skills that allowed me to build four projects over the course of the twelve-week full-time program. The amount of support provided during the program was absolutely amazing and next to none. I really felt cared for during the class with the instructors, teaching assistants, and classmates. GA is a wonderfully collaborative community.\xa0After graduating, my career coach Anna stuck by my side for an entire year until I got a job in tech (at General Motors as a Software Developer!). It took a little longer to find work due to the pandemic, but Anna and the entire GA community are extremely dedicated to seeing you succeed. I am extremely excited about my new job and will continue to grow and learn within the field of technology long after my experience with GA!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Easily the best career decision I've ever made.\xa0 The flexibility of the part-time program and depth of the curriculum make this a perfect course for someone with a full-time job who is looking to make a career change without having to leave their current role.\xa0The instructors were phenomenal—extremely knowledgeable/willing to answer questions, supportive and empathetic throughout the duration of the course, which was 6 months. There's a lot of work involved, but it's definitely worth it if you can hang in there and give a solid effort— I was recently hired as an engineer at a FAANG company!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA was the best experience of my life, I had virtually no coding experience going into the program and came out with the vast knowledge I desired going into it and I loved every second of it. All of the instructors do a wonderful job from the get go setting expectations and guidelines and really help and support you through the course. Yes the course is difficult and fast paced but it is designed to get you job ready in 3 months and teach you all of the necessary skills, not just coding skills but all of the soft skills you need to succeed in this industry as well. The material is very challenging but it needs to be to get you job ready in 3 months, if you ever find yourself looking for even more of a challenge the instructors are always willing to find ways to help you push yourself even more. The job assistance portion of the course is wonderful as well, weekly meetings with your classmates and a career coach to go over how to break into this field from an employees perspective is invaluable. You also get 1:1 time with your outcomes coach to go over personal career goals as well. Overall I would recommend GA to every person in the world trying to break into tech, it changed my life in so many ways I cant even describe and I will always value my time there as a student.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly changed my life. GA makes it clear from day one that the course will not be easy. They help to prepare one mentally to face the emotional rollercoaster of learning to program. When I came to GA, I had left the safety of my job with benefits to bet on myself again. I was not let down. The ~12 weeks in the course are hard, really hard. It is so rewarding to graduate knowing that I gained valuable skills and can now build beautiful, functional web applications. This has opened so many doors for my life and my career. GA has a hefty price tag but what it did for me is invaluable. Attending GA was scary but easily the best move I have ever made for myself.\xa0They teach you two complete tech stacks as well as computer science topics that cover both data structures and algorithms. They teach you how to think like a programmer, by breaking every step down to the smallest piece, which makes large undertaking less intimidating. They also teach you how to fend for yourself online. You need to continue learning post course to keep up with new technology and deepen your understanding of the technologies you are using and they set you up for that. The outcomes coaches are the best! Not only are they your cheerleaders when you feel beat up by the heavy material but they also help set you up to make an online presence for yourself. They helped me do the stuff I loathe doing, like revamping my resume and social media, and it has made all the difference.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Enrolling in the Software Engineering Immersive was the best career move I've made. The course is a significant investment of time and money, but it was worth it. I had wonderful instructors who didn't just teach programming, but also explicitly taught a lot of the meta-skills around software development. The Outcomes career-coaching portion of the course was invaluable as well. The best part was being in a cohort with around 20 other students, who were my first community in tech, and it's also been great to continue connecting with the incredibly wide GA alumni network post-course.\xa0The material is definitely challenging, and there were many long nights and weekends that I spent coding and learning more things on my own in bootcamp. You get as much out of it as you put into it, and expect to work very hard post-course to land the role that's right for you. But the skillset taught is highly sought after, and the immersive gives you the tools you need to build fullstack applications. Overall, studying in the company of others interested in programming and learning from some of the best teachers out there was an incredible experience, and gave me the knowledge and skills I needed to transform my career.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", '[I finished up the SEI Flex course a few months ago and I\'m so glad I made the decision to enroll in this course.\xa0 I was provided exceptional instructional support and I now have a strong foundation in some of the most popular languages and frameworks being used today.\xa0 I specifically learned JavaScript, Ruby, Node.js, Express, Rails, and React but I also believe General Assembly provided me with the tools to successfully teach myself any other languages or frameworks I might be interested in.\xa0 Finishing this course allowed me to reach my goal of successfully changing careers and I was able to land a software engineering job within 90 days of graduation.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Overall I do not regret my decision of taking my career to the next level by attending GA\'s 3-month Software Engineer Immersive Program. Although a had a CS bachelor\'s degree, I decided to invest in this program to step up my game into trending technologies like ReactJS and backend languages like Ruby and Python. I met some amazing instructors who polished and helped me sharpen my programming skills as well as design patterns. I truly believe I\'ve learned fundamental skills that have benefited my career and aided me back when I was on the job hunt.\xa0 It\'s been around 3 years since I graduated and I am currently working as a Mid-level Software Engineer at a great parenthood startup. I also work as a part-time Instructor associate to bring my experience in the field to our GA students community. From my personal experience, I can say it took me around 3 to 6 months to land my first job after the program. I highly encourage new students that are seeking to step up their career paths in programming to deep dive into General Assembly\'s academic SEIR program.This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I had an amazing experience with General Assembly\'s 3 month Software Engineering Immersive program. After a COVID-19 sabotaged my ability to attend college and work full time, I thought my dreams of breaking into the software industry were going to be seriously delayed. Fortunately, I was able to get enrolled in the three month immersive program and get my goals back on track for less money than I would have spent on my degree!\xa0It is still amazing to me to go back and look at my skill level when I started vs my skill level when I completed the program. I came into the bootcamp with a very basic understanding of html and css and I had maybe written a few lines of javascript in YouTube code alongs. But I really had no idea what I was doing. By the time I completed my capstone project, I was able to teach myself React Native, build a full-stack mobile application and get it launched on the Google Play Store in two weeks time. It was invaluable to be able to tackle the challenges of learning to code with a group of like-minded individuals who were just as hungry as I was to make a life out of software development. I felt continuously supported by the great instructional team with GA and when I found myself ahead of the pack a few times, the instructors were quick to provide additional challenges and goals to allow me to keep growing as quickly as I could. The single most valuable thing I think I gained from my experience was a strong software engineering foundation that allows me to learn whatever technologies I want with confidence.\xa0I considered a number of bootcamps before deciding on General Assembly and I think the deciding factor was the proven track record that GA has for consistently giving their students the skills they need to land that first job. If you are wondering where you should go and are overwhelmed by the variety of choices, look no further. You will not regret the decision to enroll at General Assembly!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., 5 stars for General Assembly, where I found my calling as a UX designer!\xa0 There is so much to recommend - from the subject matter to the collaborative learning environment.\xa0 The Outcomes support (career coaching) was a game changer in confidence-building and helping me to set realistic expectations and goals. It\'s clear that instructors and career coaches work together to provide the most up-to-date guidance based on industry trends. Class projects are designed to set you up for success when putting together a professional portfolio, and there is a whole unit devoted to building that portfolio.\xa0 The instruction is designed for universal learning - ideal for those of us with learning disabilities.\xa0 And lastly, and maybe most importantly, the commitment to diversity in the classroom is an enormous strength.\xa0 I learned just as much from my classmates and peers as I did from my wonderful instructional team.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Great experience being in the immersive. Gave a solid understanding of UX methodologies and concepts. Remote learning can be difficult, but GA made phenomenal efforts to make it feel like you\'re in a classroom setting. I felt supported by my instructors and peers while attending the program.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I am recent grad of the User Experience Design Immersive (UXDI) program at GA! First off, let me just start by saying that the experience was incredible and totally worth it!Remote learning is extremely difficult. I imagine that remote teaching is just as tough, if not more. Teaching adults and keeping them engaged, is an especially added challenge. The instructional team of my cohort took those challenges with stride, and went above and beyond to cultivate a healthy and exciting virtual classroom environment. Shout out to Zach Thomas, Javi Calderon, Daijah Reese, and Johnson Cobb from Washington, D.C. They are the REAL DEAL! The dream team! Through and through, they each exude the core quality of a true UX designer--empathy. As a student, I had no doubt that they had a genuine interest in my well-being and success in this course. The classroom experience that they created is the epitome of authentic user experience design. It was beyond evident that each element of our classroom experience had been implemented with careful consideration, creative thought, clear intent, and passion. The discussions that we had were very interesting and engaging- very cool, real-life, relevant illustrations. They were also very conscious of our screen fatigue, and offered regular breaks so we have a chance to stretch and be refreshed. I super appreciated the special attention to mindfulness with the creative exercises and feedback sessions. The coffee time and morning meditations were a nice, considerate touch. I was also very grateful for the constant humor and interpersonal interaction between the instructors and students. The visuals that they\'d incorporate were super helpful (GIFs, memes, video/movie clips, TED talks, etc). I always looked forward to our new unit projects, because my instructor gamified them and wrapped up our unit with a mini “award ceremony” and recognitions. I loved our weekly group activities, they were usually low-intensity, fun, and allowed our group members to connect and learn together. I was told in the beginning of the course, that what I get out of this course is totally dependent on what I put in. And it\'s so true! I think that also applies to the instructional team. I believe what the instructors put in heavily influences, and I would even say directly influences, the outcomes of the students in the course.\xa0Some general observations about the course:\nI\'m social, and didn\'t want to do a self-paced, independent course. GA\'s live, virtual courses were a great substitute to in-person classes. I thought I would struggle with it, but it was surprisingly refreshing and\xa0 actually one of the best courses I\'ve participated in, including in-person high school/college courses.\nCareer Foundry vs GA. I tried Career Foundry for a week or so, and I switched to GA because I wasn\'t motivated to do so much independent study. Career Foundry is chock-full of great resources, they have mentors available for you to meet with regularly, but the bulk of your time is spent independently reading and watching videos. There is a forum/community of other students that you are able to connect with, but I did not find it to meet my needs. The pro about Career Foundry is that you set the pace-you can go as slow or quickly as you like, and maintain a job while studying. For GA\'s UXDI course, it\'s a twelve week, full-time program, and therefore impossible to maintain even a part-time job if you want to be successful. The course offers live instruction, and the opportunity to build wonderful relationships with your classmates. There are several resources made available to you throughout the course\xa0 to help you succeed. I think the human element is invaluable. Each week there is a 2 hour session with "Outcomes" that assist you with preparation for post-course job-seeking.\xa0\nGA\'s UXDI was $14,950 compared to Career Foundry\'s $6,900. This is a big difference, but totally worth it for the experience, relationships, and resources/tools you gain.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I was hesitant to go to General Assembly due to having a poor experience at a coding bootcamp in Utah. Due to that experience, I felt jaded by the whole bootcamp experience and assumed they were all the same, that it would be just another revolving door. Come to find out, that was the furthest thing from the truth at GA. I asked a lot of questions to the instructor and to the people at the finance department. I really pressed on them and they answered my questions genuinely and was not trying to pitch or sell me their product, which are the bootcamps. Instead they gave me the facts, the stats, and data that I needed to see to confirm my choice in going there. I went through their UX design immersive program in Denver, and it was one of the best decisions I have made in my life. The teacher has real world experience working in UX and web development. He has a background in teaching and made the course easy to understand and digestible. He was always available to talk and provide sound advice. The projects we worked on also helped me get a head start in my career search. The career coaches have been phenomenal and have provided me great feedback which essentially helped me get a job in UX. I am happy with the results I have gained here and I have already earned a return on the investment I have made here at GA.\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Prior to starting the Software Engineering Immersive Remote (SEIR) programing at General Assembly, I didn\'t know what to expect. When you google bootcamp reviews the results coming back tend to be all over the place from reviews that are very bad to reviews that are nothing but outstanding. Through my experience, I\'ll provide an unbiased review highlighting the aspects I enjoyed and what I think needs improvement.\xa0General Assembly wasn\'t the first school I reached out to and in fact I had a very poor experience speaking with the admissions department at a GA competitor who didn\'t want to give me more than 20 her time. Speaking with Zack in admissions from GA was a completely different experience in the best way possible. Zack took his time answering all my questions to ensure I was making the correct decision. He was in constant communication with me throughout the entire application process so that there was no question as to what happened next. One thing to note is that General Assembly offers the choice learning Ruby/Ruby on Rails or Python as the backend language and framework. I was speaking to a few of my classmates a couple weeks into the program and they didn\'t realize they had the option of learning a different backend because no one mentioned it.The class pre-work was well written and the program they use was quite good however, I don\'t feel like the pre-work prepared me for the class in any way, shape, or form. I feel like the pre-work is written for someone who has previous experience with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript; rather than who\'s learning about it for the first time. Now the teaching platform used is extremely well written and easy to use but I think the prep should have been based more on the foundations and fundamentals of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.The Software Engineering Immersive Remote course is a full stack software engineering program that teaches the MERN stack and the course is broke up into 5 units. Everything is taught by two main instructors and two instructor assistants. Coursework is heavy and moves at a very fast pace. Class is a mix of lectures, code along, and lab but the lecture isn\'t the boring type like you might think. The amount of information you take in on a daily basis and the amount of information you\'re expected to retain is probably more than you\'re used to. It wasn\'t till half way through my first project that I actually felt like I knew what was going on and I felt like I was trying to keep up with everything till that point. You\'re going to have days and weeks where you feel like you can\'t keep your head above water. I constantly felt behind. And before you know it, you\'re turning in the final project. Instructor assistants were quite helpful after school and on the weekends when they host office hours. My instructors helped when they could but both taught multiple classes each day. My instructors both referenced their real life work experience with what they were teaching and that was awesome to know.Now for what I think can be improved. First and foremost the pre-work should be focused towards fundamentals and foundation building. I would add an additional week to the first four units, extending the course by an entire month. This would slow the pace of the course down enough to where retaining information learned becomes much easier and the student will be more comfortable with what they\'re learning. I had two great instructors but they were vastly different in how they approached teaching and some days I feel like they didn\'t know what the other instructor taught the previous day. Communication could have been better between the instructors. The full stack course does teach the backend but it\'s definitely front end heavy. At this point, I wouldn\'t hesitate to take a job as a frontend or full stack developer however; I wouldn\'t be confident taking a job as a backend developer after taking this course.Outcomes is what General Assembly calls their career support so far it\'s been quite helpful. They offer mock interviews, Linked In, and resume building. I\'ve only been with outcomes for a couple weeks but they\'ve been quite helpful so far.Overall I had a solid experience and learned a TON of information in a short amount of time. I wouldn\'t hesitate to take another course through General Assembly in the future and honestly, I may go take the UX/UI course down the road.This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Overall I do not regret my decision to attend GA.\xa0 I met some amazing people, and feel that I learned skills that will benefit me in my career change.\xa0 It\'s been 10 months since I\'ve graduated and I still do not have a job.\xa0 The timing of when I finished school (right at the start of COVID) definitely affected employment, but I do feel like administration was a little misleading when it came to how soon I could expect to find work and gave somewhat unrealistic expectations about that process (I think they told me the average student is employed within 3 months of graduation).\xa0 The payment program is helpful through and it is nice to know that I don\'t have to pay anything back until I am employed full time.This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., You get out of this immersive what you put into it. I dedicated myself to listening intently to and participating in the in-class exercises then often put in 10-20 hours of work outside of class each week to get ahead and immerse myself beyond what GA offered. This dedication and commitment to participation helped me leave GA with a perfect score and rave feedback from my instructors. As far as luck goes, you can\'t pick your instructors, my cohort had friction with one of ours, and there were a lot of students very unhappy with their experience due to that one instructor\'s performance. I totally understand how they felt, but I approached the situation with the attitude of, "listen, you can\'t pick your coworkers out in the real world, and sometimes it\'s going to suck, but make the best of it you can!!" I\'d do another immersive with GA. I don\'t think you\'d regret doing one as long as you are 100% dedicated and committed to success! Also, outcomes (career) support is BOMB AMAZING!!! Having someone on your side through the job seeking process is invaluable. That is a fantastic cherry on top! Shout out to my amazing outcomes coach Chelsie!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have had an overall positive experience with General Assembly\'s courses so far. I completed the Front-End Development remote course and it really prepared me for the next course I\'m currently in, the Software Engineering immersive course. I\'m currently in Unit 2, the course is very fast paced, but the instructors and TA\'s are incredibly helpful. The office hours and just your fellow classmates on slack are always open to help each-other, I\'ve had study groups with multiple different classmates that have really helped me through some tough homework. The amount of homework assigned each week isn\'t as intimidating once you start understanding what you\'re learning. It\'s been great so far, I\'m very eager to complete the program and start my new career as a Junior Full Stack Software Engineer.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \xa0What background in coding did you have prior to the course?I came into my course having already coded a decent amount in my life. It was all hobby-based, but I felt pretty comfortable with HTML and CSS, as well as the basics of JavaScript. At the behest of some friends who were already software engineers, I also followed the advice I mentioned above, and tried to take advantage of AS MUCH free learning as I absolutely could. So for probably 2-3 months before I even enrolled in my Bootcamp, I took advantage of some sales on Udemy and bought some Stephen Grider React courses and learned as much as I could about the MERN Stack (MERN meaning MongoDB (your document database), Express.js (your Node.js web framework), React.js (your client-side JavaScript framework), and Node.js (essentially your JavaScript server). If I had time, I would have loved to have learned even more beforehand. Two main reasons for all of this: 1.) you get to test the waters and see if you even enjoy being neck-deep in a text-editor writing code! It’s not for everyone and that’s okay! 2.) and just-as-importantly… Most modern coding languages are just off-shoots of other languages. Many, many, many front-end languages are built on top of JavaScript/HTML/CSS. So, having a really solid fundamental understanding of these languages will do nothing but make learning the more difficult languages/concepts/frameworks THAT much easier. I personally don’t feel that it is possible to over-prepare for something like a bootcamp for these specific reasons.\nHas the instruction been thorough or are you googling a lot?\nSlightly loaded-question. I have LOVED my instructors. Incredibly knowledgable, empathetic, caring people who have bent-over-backwards to make sure that as many of the students in my cohort are equipped to succeed in a professional SE role post-bootcamp. The class moved kinda slowly at first, but picked up speed VERY quickly. The communicated goal was to teach us the 20% we would need to know in order to accomplish 80% of the work we would be doing. All of that to say that they, inherently, can only teach us so much in ~13 weeks. Thus, a huge focus quickly became teaching us how 1.) ask the RIGHT questions and 2.) how to scour Google or StackOverflow or wherever for answers. So… Both? The two core instructors for our cohort are very thorough, but a skill of being an effective software engineer is ultimately just problem solving, so you’ll definitely have plenty of situations where Googling a particular error or what-have-you is a must. Again, just part and parcel of being a developer.\xa0What material haven\'t you get that you wish you had (not sure if you have a sense of that yet)?\nNot sure I have a great answer for this one, but there are definitely things that I had to put time toward myself because we just patently did not cover them in class. Immediate things that come to mind are the core computer science pillars of data structures, algorithms, design patterns, and code-testing. We touch on each of the above in class, but I was not prepared for any of these appearing in technical interviews based on class. GA could definitely do a better job here, but 1.) there admittedly just isn’t enough time in 13 weeks of class and 2.) they did point me at resources, I just had to tackle them in my own time.\xa0Why\'d you choose this program over other programs?\nLanguages. I spoke to a lot of friends who were Software Engineers already, before I ever even really truly considered enrolling. They pretty much all told me the same thing: focus on what languages they’re teaching and how they support you on the job-front. GA is pretty solid on both fronts I’d say. Their tech stack is ultimately what pulled me in (we started with HTML/CSS/JavaScript to learn front-end development; then moved to full-stack and learned MongoDB, Express, Node.js, and others; then focused on drilling-down into front-end frameworks such as React; then finally learned API-driven development and kinda tying it all together, learning Ruby, Ruby on Rails, SQL, and how to make those work nicely with our frontends). Their Get You Hired Team (GA calls this “Outcomes”, which I’d say has been a little lackluster… but most of my issues with it could be tied to the fact that the entire team for my cohort is based out of DC. So they’re all crazy knowledgable, but I don’t know. There’s only so much they can do from a distance and during a global pandemic). For reference, I also seriously considered HackReactor, Flatiron School, and Turing School.\xa0What have been the best and the worst things about the experience?\nThe best has been discovering a new love and passion, honestly. I absolutely adore what I do at this point, but BOY was it tough. Like, anyone considering a bootcamp just needs to be really, really honest with themselves and set realistic expectations. You are trying to learn an entirely new career field in 13 weeks – IT IS NOT EASY. There is an OBSCENE amount of information — and often incredibly dense, convoluted information at that. Once again, it IS NOT EASY. I drive that point only because we 100% lost multiple people from our cohort because it was just a lot more than they were expecting. A totally normal day for me was to be in class from 8am to 4pm (with breaks here and there + a longer break for lunch), take a power nap immediately after, and then grind on homework for 4 or more hours. That time is important too, because your homework is really your only chance to practice, and if you’re not practicing every day to some degree, you’re just making it harder on yourself. Then there was probably longer homework for the weekend, or a project, or whatever. Just wanting to be totally clear: I ate, slept, and breathed code because that’s kinda what it takes to make it through a bootcamp like this (again, just my opinion).\nWhat kind of time are you putting in outside of class?\nNot to be a broken record, but this will require a huge amount of time. I spent 500+ hours just IN-CLASS over my 3-ish months. With homework, there was generally the expectation that you would put at LEAST 4 hours toward it. If you got it done, awesome; if not, you should probably get sleep rather than throwing more than 4 hours at homework. We also had 5-ish “projects” over the course of the class. I couldn’t even begin to estimate the time I sunk into those, but we generally had 1 week of self-led work-time to finish each of those. So, ideally, you really want to have a deep interest in coding and the technologies at play with whatever you’re building. Otherwise, it just becomes difficult to stay motivated. Again, just my .02.\xa0Are things working out with the fully remote covid plan? Are teachers accessible and approachable?• Best as can be expected, I think? I would have preferred to be in-person, but remote learning hasn’t been nearly as drastically different as I kind of expected. You meet in your Zoom classroom everyday, anyone/everyone is only a Slack message away, my instructors were both always really good about hosting regular office hours + responding to random requests for help or insight. I also was still able to make a bunch of friends which I would 1000% recommend. The people in your cohort are quite literally the only one’s who will understand the depth of what you’re going through. It’s an experience that really brings people together, in my opinion. There are people I will most definitely keep in contact with after the Bootcamp.\xa0Hopefully the above wasn’t too much or too overwhelming. I am 1000% a proponent of a bootcamp like GA offers, I just think everyone should know that it is, unavoidably, a massive undertaking. But you will get out what you put in.\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate.]', '[I signed up for the accelerated Digital Marketing course which ran for about a week. Before the class, I was a bit rusty with Facebook Ads, Google Analytics/Ads and SEO. The instructor delivered real life marketing campaigns from his own business that helped us better understand how to formulate our customer persona + target market and take that research to design optimal websites/fb pages for our clients or business .\xa0 I came out having finished a marketing campaign for my consulting practice. I was able to create websites + facebook pages for my clients and nurture the campaign by setting realistic KPI\'s; delivering optimal solutions. The marketing campaign I built for the class project became my template for future campaigns and really a recipe for success. I\'m still involved with GA as an attendee of their workshops and from time to time I go there to network or work on independent projects. It\'s a really cool friendly community. Once you become an alumni, the possibilities are endless.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \'d never have been able to transition fully into the Digital/Tech & UX spaces without the User Experience Design Immersive at GA that I undertook at the end of 2019.\xa0It was truly a transformative experience where I got to meet industry pros, my fantastic cohort, guest lecturers and engaged teachers. Given the time-frame, the curriculum was overall well balanced as a long as you are aware of that you are being taught the "Cookie-cutter" UX-process and that it will most likely differ to what you\'ll experience as a working professional.\xa0Post-GA I was able to score a job not even a month after graduating, and this was at the height of the global pandemic in the beginning of 2020. Later in the year I ended up as a UX/UI Designer at Vodafone in London earning 44.000 GBP per year, which from my understanding is way above average for people graduating from GA.Pro\'s:\xa0- The London Campus, which is a fantastic environment filled with daily seminars after class and is overall a highly motivating and stimulating environment to immerse yourself in.\xa0- The cohort, I\'ve met some friends for life and the support and encouragement of the fellow students truly contributed to the learning experience.\xa0- The outcomes team did overall do a very fine job in terms of the job support and post-course preparation for the job search.\xa0Con\'s:\xa0- Not always up to the latest developments in the industry with the rise of the product designer title, requiring more focus on product thinking, strategy and growth.\xa0- Not everyone will be able to progress as fast as I did since I\'m leaning on 10+ years of experience in other fields of design - although this wasn\'t always completely clearly communicated in my opinion when you often have people joining without any design experience what so ever which will result in a much harder time getting a job afterwards in the current highly competitive job market for juniors (at least in London)\xa0- Expensive, and might not fit all budgets.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have taken multiple courses through GA - both paid and complimentary. All the courses that I have taken have been awesome. The instructors are fantastic, knowledgeable and I always learn something. I would remind their Data Analysis Circuit and Marketing courses, especially.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly takes great care in its students and courses to give the best experience as possible. Through out my 12 week immersive course they taught and reinforced their lessons to make sure you knew the material. Through General Assembly I learned leadership and coding skills that have allowed me to land my first software Engineering role at Verizon. I can’t say a bad thing about my experience with General Assembly in NYC as I still today have friendships with my classmates and teachers. If you are looking to be challenged, and making a change, then General Assembly is the perfect place to start your journey into software engineering.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The course is very thorough and thoughtful on how to teach students what data analytics is and how to use differernt tools to solve each type of real life problems.I found it very hands on and being able to get feedback from instructors also made it that much better for improvement!Def recommend!\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \nInstructorsMany of the instructors are recent grads themselves. In one way, this is smart because it ensures that information is new and relevant, and you aren\'t being taught deprecated or soon-to-be deprecated material (out-of-date, no longer supported). The bad side to it is you aren\'t going to get help with things outside of their experience, compared to an institution that hires instructors that are seasoned in their fields.Feedback on deliverables (homework that you\'re expected to turn in) is going to be random. At first, feedback comes consistently, but as the course gets to around the halfway mark the instructors just stopped providing feedback. Even a month past grad, I am still waiting for feedback on my last three projects (out of 4). At this point, I am 100% sure I\'m not going to get any.CurriculumThe curriculum is good enough to serve as a solid foundation for your journey into the world of programming and depending on how well you picked it up, even land a job soon after completing the course. They do their best to at least ensure that the curriculum is modern and up-to-date or at least still valid. They teach you enough that you can confidently build a web application from scratch on your own by the end of the course. However, there are some caveats.Sometimes the course material is too new, and the instructors themselves haven\'t gone through it themselves prior to the course. So help in these materials is going to depend on instructor experience. In most cases, they won\'t automatically know the correct answer to a problem but will help you troubleshoot. For my cohort, the last project had three options that have never been done before, they were new to the course. None of the instructors had any experience or knowledge about the subject, and as such, was a mutual learning experience for both student and instructor.OverallMost of the cohort was great for me. Other than the lack of feedback (which I suppose the instructors just felt I didn\'t really need). However, because of a situation another student has had, I can\'t in good conscience give the instructors high ratings. In the last couple of weeks of the course, he had gotten COVID and was unable to complete the final project (per policy, in order to graduate you have to complete and meet the minimum requirements of each project). The instructors and up would not give an exception and thus would not let him graduate.COVID or no COVID, they should have either just excused him from the final project or worked out some kind of arrangement that would let him turn in the final project post-grad. It was wrong to say the least.This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., As I said in the title this course is simply fantastic.\xa0It is well structured with a project that you work on along side learning the theory. This really embeds what your learning and gives you a solid foundation to understand Product Management.Course content that was provided is also really useful to take away. I did this course via distance learning and although it is an intense week, all the tools provided worked well and I never felt I was missing out.\xa0I would highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to work in Product management.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., My experience was overall outstanding. I got a great education, lots of follow up material, and the ability to practice my skills as a product manager. I\'m excited to see where my career takes me from here. I do wish there were more resources to help with resume shaping and product management interviews.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Pros\nLots of Technologies to Learn\nStaff was very friendly\nFree Coffee, Tea, Food (Sometimes)\n300Mbps+ internet\nCan be used as Co-working space after leaving the Program\nLocal Instructor and Instructional Associates were dedicated to the classroom\nCons\nLoud events sometimes on Weekdays\nSometimes Cohort Leaders sent to help out at another room\nSome instructions on GitHub Enterprise (repositories for classwork) need to be updated\n40 hour prep work was inadequate for less experienced students\nAdvice to Management\nLeaders of each Cohort/Team should spend all of their time for 12 weeks of a Cohort, not being forced to jump to others randomly in-between\nPre-work should contain an additional 30 hours of prep work (70 hours total) in Ruby/Python that focuses on Object-Oriented Programming:\xa0 Abstraction and Encapsulation, Classes, Inheritance, Polymorphism\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I\'ve completed the 1 week digital marketing course and I\'m so glad I\'ve done it. This is the second course I\'ve done with GA and they are always very well organised and have fantastic teachers. It\'s never dull learning with GA, thank you! They provided different learning mediums to ensure everyone is catered for, which being dyslexic I really appreciate. They could have done more in the pre-communication to make sure I was fully prepared and organised for the class. So just make sure you ask how to best prepare in order to get the most out of the course a few weeks before hand.\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly created a very easy-to-follow workflow for the classes. It was a very \'hands-on\' approach, where we could put into practice all we learned. A very good comprehensive course, yet easy to follow. The instructors were phenomenal! Since they are real professionals working with the topics on a daily basis, they could give us a real insight into the professional day-by-day scenarios and examples. They were always available for that extra support as well. I\'m really pleased with this course!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I finished the UXDI course online and I think its a great program, but it lacks a lot of the in person experience that doesn\'t make it very worth it. If you thrive in a classroom setting, consider skipping online to either wait for campuses to reopen or take a course with a cheaper school.\xa0Each campus does things differently, so there\'s a disconnect of what some people got for opportunities ot experiences than others. Upon being accepted, I was informed the online experience would be no different than in person, but it does lack a lot of that networking and informational experience you would get.\xa0Outcomes helps you with your job materials and searching, but it can be a bit disconnected from your instructors (like learning something in class you covered from outcomes a month ago). Not to mention, different locations will handle things differently. Others got to do a sprint working with developers and engineers to complete a project, but our class only got a three day outcomes sprint, which wasn\'t nearly as good as that would\'ve been.Other than the negatives, if you like remote learning and can devote 3+ months to GA, I\'d recommend them, just know its a lot of work and dedication. You\'ll meet great people and brilliant instructors.\xa0My advice would be to start crafting your portfolio and network as early as you possibly can. Portfolios are worked on later in the course and it can be a lot to try and write case studies and design a website layout at the same time. Get the layout done first and make sure you get pictures of everything as you work. Hiring managers and recruiters like to see a lot of pictures!This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate.]', "[I had an excellent time in my 12-week immersive bootcamp through General Assembly. I felt like the pacing was adequate, the lectures were rich with information, and the structure was strong. In this field it is hard to grasp the ambiguity of it all, but as you push through it becomes easier and easier and you begin to realize that it all comes together. My instructional team was always there when needed and gave helpful advice. I felt accepted and even praised for my human experience. This is a field of endless opportunities and I feel like my time at GA was well spent!\xa0\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took soft ware Engineering Immersive program in GA.\xa0 generally it is very interesting courses with very help full instructors\xa0 \xa0 \xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Honestly, this course isn't worth it. The instructors fly through the material and only offer minimal support. The TA's are great, but sometimes lazy. The outcomes program, and student success portion of the program is an absolute joke. It really just felt like they got your money, and that's all that matters to them. It definitely depends on your instructor, but unfortunately I was stuck with an awful unit 1 instructor, so by unit 2 I was already so lost and couldn't follow along.\xa0Some of the staff are very condescending and demoralizing when you reach out to them about issues that you're having. They talk down to you a lot, and when you speak up for yourself they have a lot of issues with it and kind of bully you. I withdrew from the course because I was intimidated by the staff (not the instructors) and they said they don't give refunds.\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Wow, it is really the best academy with full of humble staff members\xa0 and best instructors who teaches in\xa0 way you can understand ,who encourages you through out the program.Now I am confident thanks to GA I can do anything in SE field.\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0-you do project almost everyday\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 - you present it\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 -you do team projects everyday\xa0\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0-you got help from instructors through out the week\xa0All in all i just want to say thanks to GA and God Bless to all instructors, i will definitely recommend to my community.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have always been interested in learning more about data analysis, but finding a suitable program was a challenge. I was recommended to attend a series of webinars held by GA to learn the difference between data science and analytics. After the sessions, I was able to pin down the program choice.\xa0I then was able to easily connect with an advisor from GA who made himself accessible to share as much information on the program, process, and fees (smooth). He took the time to learn about my goals and motivation to enroll in the program, he then shared advice on the most suitable course format to match my learning style. Great enrollment journey!The instructor and support staff were very accomodating and gave us time, and made us feel welcomed. More importantly, they were patient with the class knowing that many have been out of school for a while. The content was spot on what was mentioned in the description, industry-related skills that you can pick up or polish as you go (what you see is what you get). Challenging, frustrating at times, but the instructor and staff helped us push through. Always providing feedback on what went well and what to improve on. The course carried 3 projects which continuously push you to learn and practice what you learn in class.\xa0It was more learning a skill VS GA helping/supporting you with career opportunities. Surely it would have been amazing to have 1-1 chats with a coach/career counselor on how to tackle the potential employers in a certain location etc. Maybe this would be feedback for GA. I am looking forward to learning more about GA Alumni community and the kind of continuous learning opportunities.\xa0The course wasn't the cheapest,\xa0 I wasn't company-sponsored so it was a decent investment. GA helped by offering an installment plan, but I wish they would consider individual students and offer them some sort of price reduction during uncertain times. Other than that I would strongly recommend GA and the DA course.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The course was very effective in practicing the skills of a UX designer. As one would expect, the course really depends on the instructors and the groupmates you are taking the course with, but I saw that General Assembly tries their best to keep that become a hindrance to the students by checking in with each student and group to support them with any issues, whether it be work-related or issues between group members. Overall, it's worth taking, if you can afford it and can handle fast-paced learning and some workload.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I enjoyed the online course at General Assembly. The instructor was fantastic! It was a wonderful learning experience, where I have learned a lot of data analytics skills. I feel this is a valuable course and allows me to grasp how data analytics can be. I certainly have much more to learn in this field and look forward to doing so.\xa0We received a Certificate of Course Completion right one week after the course was complete, which is super efficient!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The course was great overall, instructor was very good and helpful. Learned a lot. However it's been months now and no one in our bootcamp has received a certificate of completion even when we have asked several times. Beware, once the course is completed don't expect any evidence of actually completing it :(This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I attended this bootcamp as part of the Adobe Digital Academy program, and this bootcamp proved valuable. I came in with hopes on brushing up my react knowledge, since I was a very beginner. The instructor, Kareem, was superb, and I came out feeling a lot more confident. I am now doing an internship at Adobe using React, and the projects and the lessons I learned were all very applicable. I just wish we could have gone over more React concepts such as Redux or Hooks. I also would have preferred learning Python/Django as the back end over Ruby on rails.\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., IN SHORT: Don't take online javascript at General Assembly. You won't gain the skills needed to be competitive in the coding industry. As a middle school teacher I know what good learning looks like, and this online class is simply not doing enough.---I was let go from my teaching job during the recession and was desperately looking to provide for my family. I've always dabbled in programming so I decided to go that direction. After researching for a course I could afford I signed up for general assembly javascript online (b/c coronavirus).The first class was spent installing everything and getting github working. I was using windows and the teacher had never taught a student on windows before, so he couldn't help me get everything started and pointed me in the direction of articles that should help me. They didn't. I had to figure out how to emulate the unix termainal on my system all by meself, and then distribute the information to the other underserved windows users. Though this was just the first class, I didn't want to rush to conclusions. I mean, we were only installing stuff, it must get better.Next class we took an hour to learn js arithmatic commands. An hour. I had already taught myself a decent amount of javascript and I knew it didn't take that long to learn a simple skill like this. When I talked to my advisor they said that this course was for absolute beginners and was going to move extremely slow. Unfortuneately they didn't mention this before the class started. Because of this and the underwhelming teaching of the second lesson I decided to withdrawl. Little did I know that because I had participated in the first class (the one that was just installing everything) I had forfieted the right to a full refund and General Assembly was going to walk away with a cool $400 of my money. My family's money. In the middle of a recession. For teaching me literally nothing.This is a company like any other and they will take your money if they can sell you the product. If you are able to learn on your own, do it. If you can afford to do a in-person intensive $16k class, do it. Though don't do this middling bs online course. You will regret it.This Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I did the GA Data Science Immersive course in September 2019.It was a complete career change, having spent 7 years in payroll and accounts payable, I was able to switch to a career in data. I am now a Data Engineer so I got the best outcome I could have wished for.\xa0The facilities at GA Sydney are great, so many new people to meet with regular social events. There is a sparkling shared kitchen and work space areas. The staff are great.I think the curriculum needs to include more SQL as there is such a high demand for it in the market at the moment.\xa0The job assistance program is also awesome and tailored individually.If you do an immersive course I would recommend committing 100% to it, study hard, go to lots of meet ups and do lots of pre-work and you are on to a winner!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., For the 3 years leading up to taking General Assembly's UX Design Immersive, I had been struggling to find the right career path for me, and I was searching for something that would help me upskill and make myself marketable as a job applicant. Prior to this program I had paid $1000s to career coaches, trying to get help with my resume and applying to jobs as project managers, but the results were lack-luster.\xa0Then in October 2019, I looked at GA's UX program again, I compared it with other competitive programs in NYC for UX, and ultimately, I went with GA because of how long they've been doing this program, the price, the length of the program, and the career support. I'm 1 month out of the program, and as I am hustling in my career search at the moment, made extra difficult thanks to COVID, I have to say that GA prepared me so well for this hustle and for being a competitive candidate in the field. My resume, LinkedIn, and Portfolio site are all high quality and hit all the points that I've heard Recruiters and Hiring Managers talk about looking for in several career search panels I've visited since.\xa0Our instructors were so knowledgeable, very approachable, and they created one of the best learning environments I've ever been in. If only college had been this fun. Also, GA creates a very high standard for creating a safe and welcoming environment for everyone, which I really appreciated.\xa0I'd highly recommend this course to anyone considering making a career switch into UX.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", '[I really enjoyed the experience of completing the UXD Immersive at General Assembly in downtown LA. I truly believe that the education I received there and the experience that I gained is worth every penny spent to make it happen. A month and some change later, I\'m still job hunting (amidst a global pandemic) and I\'m very well supported by the Outcomes team in staying focused and continuing to apply for jobs-- it\'s just not a great time to be out of work and seeking. I am glad that I took this course and will use the tools and methods I learned there throughout my career.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., February 6, 2020I quit the program in the last two weeks due to finding a job and poor execution by Management.\xa0 Our instructor changed three times and we had not one class on algorithms or Big-O notation, reasons I took the course.\xa0 They did not respond to my letter until after three emails. \xa0LETTER BELOWPlusesFirst we’ll start with the positives from the physical to the logical and qualitative.LocationThe GA campus in DC is clean, serviceable and well stocked with excellent Frontlines support.\xa0 I would give it as near as 100% as possible.\xa0 Classrooms always have working projectors, enough seats and whiteboards.\xa0 Coffee, Peanut Butter and Jelly and tea bags are always plentiful.OutcomesThe outcomes team gives the students most of the skills I learned in this industry at dozens of customers and clients over 20 plus years.\xa0 As much as the students complained about the long sessions to me, those that follow its rigors will secure a position quickly.CurriculaThe curricula as defined in the GA SEI Syllabus compares well with Flatiron, CodingDojo, Trilogy and others.InstructionAll lead instructors seemed knowledgeable of the material covered.\xa0 All instructors were approachable and inviting of the material.DeliveryThe Google calendar was updated weekly with relatively accurate material to be presented and learned.\xa0 Labs and software functioned as expected.\xa0 Installfest saved the students trouble that they will quickly learn in the field.\xa0 Compatibility and libraries are key from development to deployment.MinusesNow, some constructive guidanceLocationThose stairs are extremely steep and elevator access restricted. \xa0 Heat in these historical buildings often has trouble on those frosty days.\xa0 This one is no different, a space heater or two might help if compliant ones are available.OutcomesOnly one thing I might recommend here are interview dry runs.\xa0 We had one or two examples of interviews, and I imagine hiring panel next week will be equally excellent.\xa0 But as mentioned below, practice, practice practice!\xa0 All candidates I have ever met benefit from practicing the interview questions and the discomfort.\xa0 I mentor all of my charges in this area.\xa0 We even do professional development sessions on it.CurriculaThe curricula was not taught completely.\xa0 For example, one of the reasons, that I, an experienced Engineer chose GA were the Algorithms and Data Structures courses as shown in the screenshots below.\xa0These courses were not available until after the course opened and even worse were never addressed.\xa0 This pattern of missing core material as we moved forward forms part of the basis for my letter and departure.InstructionOur lead instructor changed three times.\xa0 None of them covered all of the material separately or together.\xa0 For new students this gap will carry over into their new careers.\xa0 Although I mentioned this before and in tickets, it has not been addressed adequately.\xa0 It cannot be rectified at this late stage. \xa0DeliveryFurthermore there was often a lack of respect for the difficulties that the students faced.\xa0 Comments such as the students are “lazy,” “do not want to work,” or “do not like to read have been heard.”\xa0 While I encourage constructive criticism it must be backed by instructional excellence.Instructional ExcellenceAlthough very personable as a whole the instructional style was far too loose to give new students the comfort they need in this difficult, challenging and dynamic field.\xa0 Like sport and music, training for novices is about learning patterns and executing them repeatedly and in combination.\xa0 As the student grows, these patterns or katas inspire the artists to create their own symphonies.Not enough structure was provided for training the students muscle or neurological pathways to allow for confident improvisation.\xa0 This is my number one guidance.\xa0 When teaching new material it is vital that it is taught, demonstrated, practiced and reviewed.\xa0 Although much of the material had this character, it has not been consistent enough to train the students. \xa0\n\xa0On my final day I was directly criticized for the instructional failures of this cohort.\xa0 I was told that I was pushing and telling the students what to do when in reality all that I did was:\nDescribe the concept.\nDemonstrate the concept.\nAllow the students to choose issues to tackle.\nReviewed them as a whole.\nThe instructor who arrived later to try to guide us was disrespectful to me and to the classroom in his behavior. \xa0\nSummary\nI chose GA over the alternatives for several reasons.\xa0 First, the curriculum met most of the baselines of each of the other bootcamps in the area, although it was slightly pricier, the vibe and location seemed worth it.\xa0 I was 100% accurate on the location and vibe, you are a warm and welcoming team that open your hearts to all students.Please structure the courses more.\xa0 I mentioned this in my ongoing tickets and this letter.\xa0 One of the lead instructors offers great answer and respond format.\xa0 He sometimes made the students uncomfortable, yet it was the type of discomfort of growth rather than pain.\xa0 Consistent training of your junior and lead instructors will ensure that the student learn the patterns better and all material is covered.Overall I have learned much from this program.\xa0 I attended to have a structure and milestones to meet in an immersive format.\xa0 This need was met.\xa0 I am glad that I took this program, but I wonder if the Trilogy program might be more structured.\xa0 Regardless, I thank you for this opportunity and look forward to seeing any of you in the field.Sincerely,Gouthum KaradiThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I took General Assembly with the intent to make a career pivot into the tech industry by thinking I was going to learn the tools to become a software engineer.\xa0 I ended up getting a role in Web Development. However, it was me, and mostly me, that set my path for this role.\xa0 General Assembly just provided a base.\xa0\n\r\nI had learned a whole lot throughout this boot camp, that is for sure. But, we have to understand that people are paying up to 22K (through the catalyst program) to take this course for their life objectives. Not only is this is a massive financial commitment, it is a time commitment, and most importantly it is an emotional commitment. As the aspects of money and time are self explanatory, the emotional commitment might be the biggest one as the job search afterwards is by far the toughest task.\n\r\nLet\'s really take a step back here and think. Please understand this before you take ANY coding bootcamp.\xa0\n\r\n12 weeks does not make a software engineer. I repeat. 12 weeks does not make a software engineer or a web developer or even a junior level developer. The reality is, General Assembly is a for profit school and they\'ll do everything in their power to get students to pay money and take their courses.\n\r\nI want to reiterate that I learned a lot. But, I quickly realized that this program is more worth it for people who have coding experience already and want to expand their skills and not for someone who wants to make a career transition into programming. I say this despite the program being advertised as this one way ticket to becoming a software engineer who will make six figures right off the bat.\xa0\n\r\nThe fact is: the curriculum brushes over fundamental computer science concepts that normally go a long way in the coding interviews and only touch base on several technologies rather than going in depth with them. This makes sense because you really only have 12 weeks to "become as software engineer" yet, I thought that some things could have been excluded from the curriculum so us students could be further educated on important topics.\n\r\nAs for the instructors. Oh geez. They were great people but, dang do I felt like I really got ripped off on this aspect of the bootcamp. My cohort had two assistant teachers who took the course previously but have never had any professional development experience. But what was even more frustrating was that our global instructor, who was on a screen teaching multiple courses as at time, did not have any professional experience either! I would also ask him about certain advanced topics but he failed to guide me in them and ultimately was discouraging! It was such a joke that these instructors were so unqualified for their positions when students are putting in their souls into creating this professional transition. I almost felt cheated. Remember, as a student it\'s easy for someone to look good compared to you but in the end, it\'ll all unfold.\n\r\nLastly, General Assembly is praised for their outcomes/job assistance. But to be straight up, our career coaches did not help much. I even heard of other students from the other programs complaining about their career coach not being responsive until a student got a job! Blasphemous. For all of you out there drooling at the fact that these bootcamps have "outcomes or job assistance", it really isn\'t too much help. A quick google search or a phone call from a friend will be a better choice for advice.\n\r\nUltimately, General Assembly provided me a launch pad to boost my skills in development. However, I cannot recommend this to anyone with the price that they are asking of their students.\n\r\nI want everyone to understand this.\n\r\nYou get yourself a job. Not a coding bootcamp.\n\r\nGood luck!\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., Prior to participating in this bootcamp I had just made a complex decision to career change from elementary teaching to software engineering. I had somehow made a large friend circle of software engineers who offered their support and advice as well as\xa0two career changing friends who had just completed the General Assembly Software Engineering Immersive. I had tried to teach myself coding multiple times over my teaching career and decided a bootcamp would be the best kick to really help me move forward.\nGA Boston has some of the best folks ready to support and guide people. It was intense, and it pushed me in ways I hadn\'t been pushed in a while. We learned JavaScript, Ruby, Ruby on Rails, front-end to back-end development, and the Outcomes team (career coaching/job\xa0assistance) are incredibly supportive and knowledgable. I appreciated being able to schedule one on one time with the coaches and I felt like all the staff were really accessible and ready to help.\nI was in a class of 18 people and felt very close with everyone. Even outside of the cohort I\'ve connected with so many people throughout the alumni network. Overall I am glad for the experience and the network.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Enrolling in the SEI program at GA was the best decision I\'ve ever made. The staff at GA are wonderful, and the instructors are super knowledgeable, and more importantly happy to help you with anything. I think anyone with a poor review of GA wasnt there\xa0for the right reasons, it\'s not high school or university, you dont have to be there, you chose to go. Those that make the most of the resources there are the ones that will be successful. There\'s a lot of course content and it moves very fast so dig in and get ready to learn.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have been thinking about changing my career to software engineering for a long time. This year I have decided to join General Assembly and I\xa0 honestly I don’t regret it, the teaching system and the projects helped me to learn and further understand multiple technologies to be able to make beautiful sites. The campus is spacious, just ideal for you to learn and there are always people available if you have questions.\n\xa0The job-support at the end of the course is unique, helping you to brand yourself and shine from other applicants. Definitely, the best way to start as a developer. \n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., My experience with General Assembly started off very rocky. I\'m not your traditional student just looking for another class they can take for the experience. I wanted to learn a new skill for a career change. I think that goal was met; however, I am still looking for employment in the field. I\'ve joined a few Meetup groups and went to one conference, so I\'m going to keep trying.\xa0\nI also got a moment to speak with other\xa0designers and learning the process isn\'t enough. You need to learn code. I know that as a UX Designer/Researcher, you shouldn\'t have to learn code, but I\'ve noticed that employers don\'t really understand what we do so if you don\'t fit the minimum application requirements you are out of luck. I really was hoping that there would be help getting\xa0your portfolio together, but there was nothing.\xa0To be quite frank, if you are looking for more case studies to put on your portfolio (btw, if you take the online cohort they will not help you with this) you will have to go with a longer class (i.e. DesignLab, Springboard, etc.). They give you more ways to present your work. We only had the option to work on a responsive site or a mobile application (10 weeks vs 9 months).\nIf you are committed to working on this class at least 20 hours a week...you\'ll pass. My TA took a while to get back to us with grades, but he makes himself available for you if you ask. The instructor will also. In my opinion, the instructors\xa0made the experience for me great. They will answer any questions you may have about being in the field. The class is very interactive and you are allowed to critique your peers.\nAdvice for GA would be to make the job assistance available for all students and add coding to your course. For those that come from a completely different industry, this would help tremendously.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., General Assemb.ly Software Engineering Immersive Online Boot Camp was an incredibly amazing experience.\xa0 It opened my eyes and mind to many parts of web site design, development, and maintenance. I learned many languages, frameworks, libraries, stacks, and computer science fundamentals.\xa0 Through the course, we built web sites, made functions, had solo and group projects. The amount of information blasted into my brain was equivalent to drinking from a firehose.\xa0 After completion, I have a few sites for my portfolio under my belt and a firm grasp of the basics and more for HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Python3 as well as a new way of using the computer itself through the command line and sites like GitHub, Netlify, Mongo Db and Heroku.\xa0 They have the outcomes program also, which helps mold your online presence and offers resume help and so much more. This program extends after the class is over and is available until you land your new career role.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Although I was previously new to UX design and the tech field in general, GA staff were very thoughtful and welcoming from the beginning. My admissions producer responded to my initial inquiry immediately and answered all my tough questions. She stayed in touch with me as I completed the pre-work, and I never felt disoriented despite all the new information and procedures I was learning.\xa0\nThe pre-work was an excellent guide to what the course would entail, and I came in with\xa0strong conceptial knowledge. Nonetheless, I was challenged above and beyond my expectations (in a good way), and I feel confident that I understand both the \'hard\' and \'soft\' skills needed to be a successful designer.\xa0\nMy instructors were extremely personable and made themselves available whether I had a smaller\xa0question or larger concern. They even allowed me the space to vent on\xa0two occasions. During project work, they gave us the freedom to explore our individual interests (as they related to the project) -- along with the freedom to fail (and learn from it). I can only imagine how difficult it is to navigate 19 beginners through 4 rounds of client work, but they did it.\xa0\nThe Outcomes staff were direct, nuanced, and efficient with thieir comments on my resume, portfolio, cover letter, and other career-related materials. I learned almost as much from their tutelage as I did from my content instructors (and I\'m still learning). As someone who has spent a long time unemployed/applying cold, my confidence has increased enormously as a result of Outcomes support. I now have a comprehensive strategy and organizational system for my search.\xa0\nOverall, if you choose to take an immersive course at GA, know that you will learn a ton and be handled with care. At the same time, be sure to clear your schedule for the 10-12 weeks of the program (and beyond if you\'re immediately seeking a job thereafter). Do not take the commitment lightly. What you put in is largely what you get out. If you put in everything, you will get everything you expected -- and more.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I found the GA UX Research & Design PT Course very enjoyable. I learned a lot and I feel that the curriculum gave me a solid understanding of the UX Research & Design process from end to end. Marcella was a great teacher and made all of the concepts understandable and applicable to where we all were in our professional careers. She was always available for extra help and advice which I really appreciated. It was a lot of work and in my opinion required more of a time commitment than the course syllabus suggested. Because it is a PT class it moved very quickly which caused me to get behind a few times throughout the course. I also found the curriculum to be a bit disjointed and unorganized.\xa0 This is primarily because the online pre and home work did not seem to match up with the 2 day a week in class schedule. There were a few times I had to go back and review because sections were out of order. Overall, it is a good course that would definitely be 5 stars with some fine tuning.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \nThrough my experience at General Assembly (note, when I started, it was still Bitmaker, but in effect, the content was General Assembly approved), I was able to land my first data science role.\xa0\n\xa0\nWhile the industry is hiring Sr. Data Scientist engineers, and Sr. Data Scientists, breaking in is difficult for more entry-level Data Analyst/Scientists. However, I do like how there are Data Scientists who come from a variety of backgrounds, from social sciences, cognitive sciences, to mathematics.\n\xa0\nOn this journey, I’ve had a lot of support from my General Assembly instructor (Max is one of smartest, and also most effective teachers), career coaches and classmates.\xa0\n\xa0\nNote, your mileage may vary based on your instructor, or peers (to drive discussion and helping each other). I was lucky to have one of the best. Our instructor worked at two local start-ups before joining General Assembly, so he had real experience. Additionally, he often presented at conferences like Pycon and abroad. This is the by far the reason why I am rating\xa0General Assembly so high, it’s because you gain access to an instructor who can teach the material better than online materials. Anyone can find a Jupyter notebook on Random Forests, or youtube video on Neural Networks, but to get insights from an Engineer who has written production code, and has advice about ‘flex’ topics like why Docker, cloud computing, and a better way of approaching a problem is invaluable.\n\xa0\nChoose your boot camp based on your instructor. That’s the differentiating piece. Go to an info session, and ask him/her questions.\n\xa0\nComing from the software industry previously, the inclusiveness and culture were great, but not a differentiator for me. I’d imagine Brainstation being similar. But those guys were way too\xa0sales-y while recruiting, which is why Brainstation turned me off. The syllabus was a bit less relevant too.\n\xa0\nTo close I’d like to highlight two areas of improvement.\n\nIt’s a jam-packed 12 weeks, but if there was a way to embed more data engineering, software engineering by removing some of the less relevant algorithms, I think that would be better time spent.\nCareer support is great, but let’s raise the bar for those who have already worked in the industry. The general advice is table stakes (geared towards interns and university students), so it would be more valuable to have real data scientists, and data engineers provide advice on how they recruit, and perform whiteboard interviews. The network of alumni is growing, but the corporate partnerships engagement is weak as far as student employment is concerned. The career coach is working hard on early conversations with Telus Digital and\xa0MaRS, but at this point, there’s no real pipeline to feed students into those programs. Bet on yourself to find jobs rather than rely on employers knocking on your door on demo day. Set your expectations appropriately.\xa0\xa0\n\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., This was a weekend, two-day bootcamp with a practical\xa0introduction to machine learning in Python. The class was very helpful in giving hands-on experience for someone with some data background who is looking to get up to speed on a new set of data techniques.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate.]', '[I took the part time Front-End Web Development course from February 2018 to April 2018 as my plan was to move into the Software Engineering Immersive, which I am currently taking.\xa0\nI really enjoyed the front-end development class as I got to learn a lot of HTML, CSS and an intro to Javascript and JQuery. We were able to put together a lot of smaller projects and site mockups. Also, even though I have never had experience in any coding, javascript and jquery were a little difficult for me to grasp but in my SEI class, I picked up on everything MUCH quicker because of my previous exposure.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I\'ve just completed the 10-week part-time course in Data Analytics and found the experience to be highly valuable.\nAs virtually a total beginner in Excel, SQL and Tableau prior to the course, I found the material and the pace of learning to be quite challenging and demanding. However, provided you are able to allocate the required time outside the classroom teaching and commit yourself to learning the content, the pace of study leads to the acquisition of a wide range of skills in a relatively short period of time.\nThe course material provided isn\'t perfect, which sometimes requires a degree of independent problem-solving and perserverence, but that in itself can be quite useful when it comes to utilising the skills being learnt week-to-week.\nI found our teacher and teaching assistant to be extremely helpful and dedicated to helping the class and individuals follow the material and reach their potential.\nOverall, I would highly recommend General Assembly and the Data Analytics course, provided you have adequate time in your week to dedicate the hours required. I was in-between jobs when I did the course and would have found it difficult to get as much out of the experience as I did had I also been working full-time.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I flew from Peru to SFO and it was worth it. I liked that the course is an intense week because I could not stay in San Francisco for a long time, the networking is super good, the facilitator with very enriching experience and the material as well, I would have liked more work between peers and a little More time to get to know the GA community.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Doing the Web Development Immersive (WDI) program at Santa Monica was probably one of the best career decisions I\'ve made. First of all, what struck me about GA was their international presence, being located around the world. Also, the fact that GA offers courses in a variety of fields, whether it\'s Web Development, UI/UX, Digital Marketing, also attracted me to them as I was able to take workshops in those subject areas as well. It was also a great learning experience\xa0getting to meet people and learn from the\xa0other students doing the other immersive programs such as in Data Science and UX.\nMy background prior to doing the web development immersive program was that I already had a degree in computer science and an entry level job as a web developer. But I still decided to do GA to learn new technology stacks and have a more solid foundation\xa0(particularly in Node.js, React and Mongo since I was only familiar with Ruby on Rails at the time). Even with this prior\xa0background, I was still able to learn a lot and push myself out of my comfort zone. The beauty of the program is you get out of it what you put into it no matter what your background is.\nMy instructors and peers were probably some of my favorite aspects of my experience there. The instructors and TAs were very helpful during class and after hours and taught very well with their use of analogies. The people in my cohort also provided a very encouraging\xa0and fun learning atmosphere and we all still keep in contact to this day, where some of us actually work together at our jobs.\nOur outcomes producer also did a really good job helping us get our resumes and cover letters ready and provided good advice on how to market ourselves with the Do\'s and Don\'ts. However, at the end of the day, we\'re responsible for\xa0our success in the job application process\xa0depending\xa0on how hard we push ourselves in putting ourselves\xa0out there and\xa0preparing for job interviews.\nOverall, what I really liked about GA is the network that you get yourself into. I was able to travel to different General Assembly locations around the world, attending different events\xa0and seeing how the GA community and vibe\xa0is similar everywhere. Being a GA alumni also puts you as a part of the large network that significantly opens\xa0more doors and career opportunities worldwide.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., \xa0 \xa0 \xa0First, off I love GA. GA changed my life completely. I took\xa0part in the full-time web development\xa0immersive program and by far it is one of the best decisions I\'ve made in my life. Never would I have thought I would be where I\'m currently at in life. \xa0\n\r\n\xa0 \xa0 My instructors at the DTLA campus are amazing and very dedicated to teaching and preparing their students for a job in tech. Of course, at the end of the day, it is all up to the students\xa0to put in the work and apply those skills. The curriculum is very well designed to take you to the level needed to be hirable after completing the course.\r\n\xa0\r\n\xa0 \xa0As for the job search, it all comes down to you. It\'s a little hard at the beginning but once you have your foot in the door your in. Most tech interviews are the same so the repetition of interviewing\xa0helps in your favor. software\xa0engineers\xa0are in such high demand there are open positions everywhere in tech. The skills you learn at GA get you one of those positions but like I said its all up to you.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Once I had made the decision to change careers and become a UX Designer, I turned to General Assembly on the recommendation of a friend from London, who had worked with GA trained UX designers in the past. It was one of the best decisions I could have made. Changing careers can be a very stressful thing, and if it weren’t for GA I might have chickened out. Not only did the UXDi course equip me with the tools, language and skills required in the field of User Experience Design, but the “Outcomes” portion of the program completely prepared me for re-entering the workforce in my newfound circumstances. They provided an incredible support system and helped me navigate my career change in the best way possible. I was employed within 30 days of graduating, and made back my investment within months.\nIf you have an aptitude for human centered design and the willingness to be proactive and put in the work required, then GA can provide the tools to help you succeed.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., Incredible instructor, engaged classmates, relevant material covered in course, and focus on building transferable skills\nInstructor (currently, VP of Product for a health tech firm in SF) was\xa0great at facilitating a collaboration among students, and gave constructive feedback to each product team at the end of every day. He created a safe learning environment, and I plan to keep in touch with him for future Product Management job openings.\nJob Prospects After Completion: Depends on YOU! It\'s up to you to keep your network fresh and informed regarding your career plans. GA will share some career resources with you, but they are not as helpful with finding a job as they could be.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the Digital Mkt accelerated 1 week course and in general terms I can say it was a great experience. It\'s definitely a lot of information to digest in 1 week and I think that the final presentation complicates even more the equation because by day 3 everybody is more focused on doing that, than on processing all the different topics. However, I think most of the relevant topics are covered, the teacher shows a lot of knowledge about digital marketing and the course is well structured. Additionally, the school is really nice and well located, plus is a great place to get to know cool people. Overall it\'s a great option but I would try to do the part-time instead.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I already work as a designer and just needed to learn a bit more about UX. Just wanted to let others know that I enrolled in their part time 10 week course and found it quite useful. Of course this is not a comprehensive career switching course and only provides a good starting point (you will need to do much more in the future on your own or through other programs), but it provides good basic knowledge about the field and skills needed.\nI do not regret enrolling and think that the course helped me get a boost in my design career. Not life-changing, but the course is pretty good.\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I\'m 6 business days removed from the course and I have an onsite interview with Amazon on 10 days after I graduated for a Designer Role. I am going through a recruiting agency but it was the resume rebuild that the outcomes program helped me with and my portfolio that was also designed in class that helped set me up. I received some prep info from the recruiting agency; after hearing what the company is looking for, I am confident that I have learned the skills needed from taking UXDI course. The next step is the interview process and making sure that I articulate my process clearly, something that is also taught as part of the immersive course. GA stresses so much how important networking is, and through networking is how I was able to get this onsite interview, I didn\'t wait till after I was done with the course before networking. I started early and told friends, family and anyone else who asked "what are you up to these days" about how I was going to a design school and where I wanted to be after. So when this role became available, a friend of mine contacted me and told me they have a opening for the role. Granted I didn\'t get hired or had the onsite yet, what happened here alone is a testament to how important networking is and that is why GA stresses it so much.\xa0\n*Disclosure* I\'m a very optimistic person, trying to find the lessons in every thing negative that happens so take that into consideration when reading my reviews.\xa0\nAbout the school itself, I had a great experience attending the course. I made new friends with talented people that I still keep in contact with. I was fortunate enough to be able to take time away from working so I can fully immerse myself into the course. I understand that there are bills that need to be paid but it is also a huge load of stress of your shoulders if you don\'t have to worry about working at the same time since the immersive course is a 9-5 kind of thing, I usually stayed a bit later and some days till 8pm when they kick me out working on projects and other things.\xa0\nThe instructor we had was very knowledgable and experienced, he was able to answer every question we had in a manner that he didn\'t just hand us the answer, but asked thought provoking questions that would lead us to the answer. Theres an instructor assistant who was also very knowledgeable and welcome as well that we were able to bounce ideas off of. Their feedback was also constructive and provided valuable insight. They\'re not here to hold your hand but they will support you when and where they can.\xa0\nSome other benefits is that you could attend any workshop that was hosted at GA for free, and there was also a hackathon at the end of the program. It was a great experience working under pressure with people you\'ve never met before.\xa0\nI feel like I benefitted from this course a lot and that it set me up to make the transition into the design field. The amount of work you put is what you\'ll get out of it to be honest, if you decide to put in as little as possible then of course you\'re going to benefit as little as possible. As RW3 would say, "the separation is in the preparation!" If you plan on taking this course, my advice is do everything as early as possible! If my resume wasn\'t ready to go right after I graduated then I wouldn\'t have been able to send it to the recruiter for my interview thats coming up. I also decided to code my own website using boot strap so that was a learning curve and took some time to polish as well (I\'m still not done polishing it) but I started 2 weeks before class ended.\xa0\nThe only con I have is that its tough to schedule a time with the Outcomes Person. Theres only 1 person for Seattle and she\'s awesome but getting that individual help takes some time. When I realized that this was going to become an issue, I started scheduling multiple 1on1s with her way ahead of time.\xa0\nGood Luck!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly taught me enough to co-found and lead the technical development of my startup. Having tinkered around with some web development during uni (although studying Geology) I\'d always been interested in coding but didn\'t have the confidence to make a career change.\xa0\n\nFast forward a couple years to when I met Johnnie, a TA(teaching assistant) at GA. I hadn’t heard of General Assembly at this point and within a few minutes of speaking with him, I felt like the ‘dark arts’ of coding were being demystified and providing me with the confidence to look into these boot camps/courses more seriously.\xa0\n\nAfter a couple weeks of research and visiting a few different academies I felt that GA was the best of the lot with the most friendly team and well-varied curriculum for web development. I applied and was accepted after some code challenges and interview.\n\nDay 0 - We meet the instructors, outcomes team and my classmates. WDI(Web Development Immersive) begun and I’d quit my job, oh sh1t this is real!\xa0\n\nThe beginning of the course is there to create the foundations of your development knowledge with HTML, CSS and plain JavaScript with libraries like jQuery covered. It’s structured well with daily assignments + morning reviews that happen\xa0throughout the course and is a great time to see a different solution or get help on your own.\n\nThe middle of the course gets tough and found it really challenging though immensely rewarding as at the end of the day when your head feels it’s about to explode you begin to do stuff second nature that earlier on in the course you could not. \xa0The group project also in this period was so much fun and the first glimpse into what working in a professional environment would be like albeit with your friends.\n\nThe end of the course like the middle was testing though at this point the training from the instructors kicks in. We’re not taught to learn the syntax or how quick you can write a function but how to problem solve, It’s perhaps the most crucial attribute a developer needs.\n\nThe final project which is normally done individually, I teamed up with a couple of friends that made it more fun but challenging as we dealt with git conflicts, way more code to ship and break. However writing our API ’s, integrating authentication and front-end logic became easier and we actually ended up with something that people couldn’t tell it’s been done by juniors (well at least someone not looking at our code haha).\n\n1 - 3 students get picked to become a TA in the next course and for my cohort, I was lucky enough to have been chosen, which contributed twofold to my coding knowledge\xa0as\xa0when a student you see your problem vs a TA who sees the classes problems! Though not only my coding at this point was improved, my teaching/management skills that I’d ultimately be applying in my startup today called\xa0Bunk. If you\'re on the course and thinking about applying for the TA, go for it.\xa0\n\nSomething I’ve not mentioned (in this rambly story) is the social aspect to GA. It was loads of fun with lots of time spent\xa0at the Black Horse || leman street tavern. Also due to the intimacy/circumstances of the course (we’ve quit our jobs to follow this idea), there\'s a real common ground for everyone to get along and am still chatting with classmates today.\xa0\n\nAll in all the curriculum element was challenging but completely worth it. I was there to learn and what you put in with these sorts of things is what you get out. The support staff and instructors were awesome both when a student and TA, I couldn’t recommend this place highly enough for those thinking about becoming a web developer.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., My background is in Anthropology and Architecture, and I have recently accepted an offer from a tech consultancy. It took me a lot longer (about 6 months) to get my first UX job compared to my classmates (some of them started working right after the course, and the majority got a job within\xa03/4 months).\xa0\nThe course was very well structured with a mixture of lectures and practical tasks (done individually and in groups). Some of my classmates felt the topics were not as indepth, but as a complete beginner, I felt there was\xa0a good amount material to learn. It was a close-knit learning/working environment so by the end of the course, we got to know each others pretty well. We still meet up once in a while and would like to do it more often.\xa0\nThe amount of career and personal development support suprised me. We received talks about insights of\xa0UX industry in London, tips on job search, and teamworking etc. In fact, teamworking is a major focus at GA, we worked in teams, we excercised agile ritual such as daily stand-ups and team retrospectives. In the first few weeks, we also had fun excercises that promote teamwork.\xa0\nGenerally speaking, it was a very positive experience at GA and I\'m proud to be part of the community. It was the best investment I have ever made so far.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate.]', "[I studied at General Assembly from September 2017 through December of the same year. Education aside for a brief moment, I want to talk first of all about the class experience. The way the course is structured allows you to make friends very early on. As it continues you're shuffled around to get to know as many people in as great a depth as possible. It's a really welcomed consideration to the course itself.\nThe learning is done in the format of both lectures and practical work. After a lesson in Card Sorting (for example) you'll go away and prepare and work on an actual card sort with users for a piece of work that ends up in your portfolio. This type of learning, I find extremely beneficial as it lays the foundation in the theory and solidifies your knowledge by practicing it. In the environment of learning alongside your peers that you're forming relationships with, you're all able to learn at your own pace as well as help and be helped.\nOn a personal level, I experienced some problems outside of GA during my second week. They made it extremely clear to me that everything would be ok and they would do everything they could to support me through what was a difficult period during the course. This is something I'll always be eternally grateful for with them.\nIn January 2018 I was lucky enough to become the Teacher's Assistant for the latest set of students to enter the programme. To be given the chance to pass my knowledge on to a new group of individuals was something I was incredibly excited for. Having just gone through the program myself and knowing GA had acknowledged me as someone they felt could do the job, I honestly felt so proud I can't put it into words. The cheesiness of the sentiment really has no words.\nFor the 8 months, I was with GA (3 months education, 3 months working, 1-month interim, 1-month job support) I've developed such a great sense of achievement, unlike anything I've experienced before in other forms of education that rely on a graded system. GA provides something far more meaningful than a letter on a piece of paper. I've left their system of education with a portfolio to be proud of. Skills to find work and succeed in interviews. Ongoing support throughout my career. Encouragement to stay involved and iterate me to become as great a UX Designer as I want to be.\n3 weeks after I'd finished my employment with General Assembly I was approached by a company to become the latest addition to their team. The staff has consistently checked in on me to see how things are going all the while remembering just where I am and the point I was at when we last spoke. This level of personal attention I find staggering.\nIn short, I can only thank General Assembly for everything they've helped me to achieve over this past year. It really has been the greatest year of my life to date.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I honestly did learn a lot at GA, and I felt like without it, I would not have made as much progress as quickly as on my own. My instructors were great, and everything went relatively smoothly. However, 12 weeks is not enough time to learn everything, even things they teach you in class you will have to probably go over on your own afterwards in more depth. But they definitely do a good job at getting you exposed and learning to write fullstack apps. My main gripe with GA is the career services/outcomes team. There isn't much help from them in getting a job. They just kind of go over your resume and cover letter over and over and over. There is a showcase after you graduate where you can show off to employers, but no one from my cohort got hired (we had some very bright/talented people too) so I don't know how effective it is. Not too many employers showed up as well. So you are pretty much on your own for the job hunt, and it sucks because the NYC tech market is hyper competitive (the most competitive after San Francisco) making it very hard to land that first job. TLDR: GA is a good program to get you started on your journey to becoming a developer, but definitely expect to keep improving and learning (and relearning) after the course is over, and don't expect much help from them with getting a job besides resume/cover letter tailoring.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., As a UI designer\xa0with certain experience in the industry, I needed to keep up to date with the evolution of the profession, so I wanted to learn UX. I've tried several online-courses, that were just about learning theory. It didn't work for, I needed to find a course with a more practical approach.\nAfter studying different options (even in different cities through Europe) I've decided to go to GA. It was more expensive but way more impressive in terms of curriculum. Honestly, that was one of the best decisions I've ever made.\nWhy?\n\n4 UX projects during 2,5 months (amazing practical experience!).\n\t\xa0\nCareer\xa0support - a crazy amount of helpful tips&tricks for a job search.\n\t\xa0\nMore and more companies are amazed by GA alumni and come back to GA to hire cool guys while they are still juniors.\n\t\xa0\nGA is not just another school, GA is a family. They support their grads no matter\xa0how long ago they've graduated. Moving to another city with GA campus? Come and say hi! And get a career support in your new city.\xa0\n\t\xa0\nGreat, interesting and highly motivated people. This a place where I met my friends.\n\nSo now I'm in love with UX and I'm in love with GA. Highly recommend!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I studied Art History at UCL and spent my 20s working my way through roles in arts organisations to become a Individual Giving Fundraiser at institutions including the Tate and the ICA. However, the came a point (when I turned 30 in fact!) where I realised I wanted to be much more hands on in my work ('build things') and explore other interests. I didn't think career change was a legitimate option until I was made aware of the existence of coding bootcamps!\xa0\nAfter researching my options in London (who knew there were so many!) I decided to go with General Assembly(GA) as I felt welcome and supported from the moment I enquired about the course.\xa0I committed to the GA Web Development Immersive and studied harder than I ever have for three months. The tutors were excellent and made themselves available after class to review any problem topics or to help fix bugs! My classmates were brilliant and were great at keeping each other motivated in the face of any challenges or moments of exhaustion!\nThe curriculum was huge and in three months we covered HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery as well as Angular.js, React, Node.js and Express in conjunction with MongoDB and a variety of npm packages. We completed four different projects, each with a different stack.\xa0The only thing missing for me in hindsight, would be that I wish I had spent more time practicing and reviewing fundamental JavaScript and programming concepts. It is one thing to know how to set up a React app but not much use if you haven't got your head around the basic JavaScript concepts and functions which make the framework so powerful.\xa0\nAfter graduating, thanks to the support of my classmates, tutors and the GA Outcomes Team,\xa0I was able to find a\xa0role as a Full Stack Developer at a start-up called JamieAi. I work on all our apps across the stack and continue to learn from brilliant colleagues and peers every day.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \nI had a very positive experience as a student of General Assembly's Web Development Immersive. I came from no computer science background, and am doing a career transition out of the military in my mid-20s. I am in a unique position as I am using this course as a springboard into business school, and not full time employment. I still think I can offer some valuable feedback to the course.\xa0\n\nPros:\n\nCohort was about 15 students. Strong collaborative culture. As students, we ate lunch together just about every day and enjoyed good conversation outside of the hard work we were doing.\nWe had two excellent instructors who struck a good balance between us learning how to solve our own problems without wasting our time banging our heads against intractable problems.\xa0\nThe technology stacks we focused on (HTML / CSS / Javascript / Mongo / Express / React / Node / Python / Postgres / Django / etc.) were all tremendously relevant and we got to apply them in our own projects. I learned the most through the projects and through through collaborating with fellow students.\xa0\n\nCons:\nIf I had to pick a con, I would say that some of the career outcomes work (called Outcomes) had some issues with organization and communication at times. Utilizing Github there was sometimes a disconnect between the request and submission of documents for review, like a resume or cover letter. The fact that I mention this small thing should be an indication of how well run the program is overall.\n\nGeneral Assembly gives you everything you need - you have to drive the car at the end of the day. I could not be more satisfied with my experience and hope to leverage what I have learned to pursue software technology entrepreneurship.\n\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., I completed my web development immersive course with General Assembly. Mornings at GA were always interactive following up with daily stand ups which involved challenges faced by each individual during projects or homework. This Web development immersive course was set in Agile environment followed by the interactive lessons throughout the course to overcome any issues and kept up-to-date with the latest technologies and current demand in market. The course is quite challenging and fast-paced as I had to build all projects in one week time-frame which developed my personality in ways I did not imagine. I am now ready more than ever to accept whatever challenges come in my way. The instructor and teacher are very helpful. I definitely recommend taking up the course with General assembly.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \xa0\nI was extremely nervous to make a career change in my late-30s, but GA's User Experience Design Immersive program was exactly what I needed to help position myself in my new career in UX.\xa0\nThe coursework is voluminous, tough, and thorough. And my instructor was top-notch. He was clear with his delivery of the material, thoughtful in his dealings with the students, and provided guidance after the program finished.\nGA's staff was genearlly\xa0friendly and did their best to make the students happy throughout the course. The Outcomes program (basically career counseling) was instrumental in my process of finding a job once I graduated. Lots of valuable information and availability to one-on-one conversations with the Outcomes team members.\xa0\nI would absolutely recommend GA and its UXDI course to anyone considering making the jump into UX.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Definitely not a horrible course, in fact if you are willing to work real hard afterwards then you can really get a lot out of it.\nPros: broad content, smooth delivery through Zoom, Github, and slack\nCons: lacks depth, no feedback on final project, no post-program career advice/job support\nA note on the cons: I'm sure that if (when) I ask for feedback and career advice I'll receive some, but I don't think that having to ask for these things\xa0is the standard that should be set at these private tech schools. There should be a standard, systematic way for each student to receive feedback and career advice.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., I made the decision to attend General Assembly's UX Design immersive program because I was moving to Boston for personal reasons, and I wanted to take advantage of the transition to do a career 180 degree change. As a former social science academic with a ton of customer service experience, I felt that UX design would be a good fit and that I had a lot of potentially transferable skills, but no training in design, nor any exposure to working in a corporate setting.\nGeneral Assembly really helped me make a successful transition into UX design, and the proof is in the pudding: after a 5-month job search, I found a job in UX that I absolutely love, full time with great benefits. My instructor gave her all, and I learned a TON. I have to also give a special shout-out the front lines staff at our campus, who go the extra mile every single day to make our GA experience enjoyable, fun, and full of pleasant surprises. \xa0\nWhile the instructor was excellent and the curriculum took me where I needed to go in terms of a foundation in design thinking and methods, in my mind the real $$$ value of the program is in the Outcomes Support you get after you've finished the coursework. I think that it is more valuable for some than for others, but I was definitely one of the people who benefited immensely from it. The amount of support, advice, and even hand-holding at times that I received from my Outcomes officers was extraordinary, and almost certainly the reason I was able to get the job that I got. \xa0\n\nTo be fair, the GA immersive experience is not for everyone, and it requires A TON of work on your part to be successful, both during and after the actual program. It's also pretty expensive, so I recognize that I was extremely priviledged to be there in the first place. But I know that I wouldn't be where I am right now if I hadn't done GA, and I also have a wonderful network of friends and colleagues from the experience, plus a life-long professional community of alums to tap into in the future.\xa0\nMy advice to anyone considering GA is this: try to talk to a couple of people who have done the program you're interested in *with the instructor you would have.* So much of the success or failure here depends on whether you can jibe with the instructor, with whom you'll spend 9-10+ hours a day for 10-ish weeks. Make sure that the instructor is fully dedicated to helping their students succeed.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., Overall, a poor experience.\nThe pre-work was useful in getting across the basics, but the none of the actual course work was related to any of the compulsory pre-work.\nMuch of the interactive practical coding exercises were skipped over as the instructor focused heavily on mathematical theory. While understanding this is important, \xa0it was not tied into the actual coding as well as it could have been, if at all, leaving me confused most of the time.\nWe were asked to complete mid-course feedback, which was overall not very positive. General Assembly appeared to have delivered this feedback to the instructors immediately before the next class, resulting in a somewhat awkward atmosphere for the remainder of that lesson, which ended an hour early.\nThere were a few occasions where GA would deliver beers and wine for students... which the instructors also participated in, leading to let's say a very relaxed atmosphere where not much learning took place. There were also issues with course producers leaving GA mid way through the course. This was not communicated very well. I was trying to get in touch with someone to find out about homework, and no one replied to any of my emails, or messages left on the course's slack channel (of which the course producers and instructors were participants). That not even the instructors would respond to a request for information did not sit well with me.\xa0\nThis course was good for teaching me how to use Stack Overflow and Code Academey - most of my learning took place there as the course provided code in Github was often full of errors that sometimes even the instructors did not know how to fix. In addition to this, the instructor would sometimes not know how to demonstrate code in practice (maybe why they spent so much time on mathematical theory?) so they reverted to teaching us how to do things in R - which was not what we signed up for.\nBy the end of it, we were unable to submit the final assessments by the course end date, presumably because not enough people had managed to grasp the content due to its delivery. They added an extra two weeks for people to submit their final assessments via google hangout. The rubric for this was updated on the day the course was meant to finish, indicating the goal-posts were constantly changing for students right until the end.\nFeedback for assessments was not delivered at all throughout the course. I met with the course producer after the mid way feedback, and was told I should have been getting feedback, but then nothing came of this until after the course ended where I was told I would be getting everything after the final assessment was submitted. Not a good experience.\nAnother comment about the calibre of training staff... There were two separate instances where I told the instructor I did not understand (so required help). In one instance, the instructor came to try and help me, but walked off without a offering a solution after he was unable to sort out the error message in the practice code. On a second occasion, he just walked away after I indicated I did not understand what we needed to do. (We had spent so much time on theory, I did not know how to code).\nI did meet with the course producer after submitting my mid course feedback, and felt my issues had been listened to and addressed, but by the end of it, things just reverted back to how they were beforehand, which was greatly dissapointing. They did offer to call me to talk through my end of course feedback, but I felt this would be a waste of time given how things reverted back to their old ways after the mid course feedback.\nLong story short, I would definitely NOT recommend this course to anyone who is looking to learn Python. You are best to do this on a website that offers this course for free, because that is what I ended up having to do anyway.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful11Flag as inappropriate., GA put together an intensive Data Analytics course that went through Excel, SQL, and Tableau in depth, as well as constructing effective presentations based on insights from data. The projects are hands on and give you a good understanding of each data tool. I personally have a background in Excel, so that portion of the class was a little slow for me, but the rest of the course really made it worth my time. There is no requirement to have any knowledge of Excel walking into the course, which could be a good thing for some. I think Excel is easy to pick up from tutorials on the internet, so I wish we had spent a little less time learning the fundamentals in Excel and more time on Tableau. Besides that, the teaching was great and they give you whatever help you need. There are a lot of times where the technology is faulty and it disrupts class because the display disconnects, etc. but the teaching in general is very effective. I got a lot out of the course!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Denver General Assembly is a smaller, newish GA campus. I believe\xa0they're also one of the highest performing in the country. The learning experience was phenomenal, but the culture and networking was above and beyond what I expected. I made lifelong friends and careerlong contacts during this course. Our instructors were outstanding – genuinely\xa0great people who had decades of industry experience and also great teaching skills. We still stay in touch.\nOur curriculum\xa0was cutting edge, incorporating the latest technology and centuries old, tried and true design theories. Industry professionals were woven into our days for panels and talks. We also spent time building our\xa0portfolios, working with real clients, and preparing for the job hunt. I know we learned the latest and greatest because I wowed potential employers at all of my interviews with my portfolio.\nI felt like I was really well prepared for my job search. While most of my cohort\xa0found jobs within a month, I took a little longer but fell within my estimate of around 3 months. Career coaching was a priority at GA, and our coach was there to provide support above and beyond, introducing us to channels, people, events, reviewing countless resumé updates, and keeping us in line!\nHIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS COURSE!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate.]", "[I was skeptical when I enrolled in General Assembly's UX Design Bootcamp. It's an expensive, for-profit, unaccredited educational institution. Those characteristics go against everything I'd\xa0been told to look for in an educational pursuit.\xa0\nAs a graduate, I cannot say enough good things about the program, and I am jealous of the cohort currently learning with our phenomenal instructors. The instructors are, without a doubt, the backbone of the course. Our Denver instructors were passionate, supportive, and wealths of knowledge. They not only taught us a tremendous amount but also connected us with the local community and introduced us to awesome organizations. I feel fully prepared entering the world as a *junior* UX designer.\xa0I'm eternally grateful to them and the GA staff.\nAll that being said, this is NOT a job placement program; you absolutely have to hustle to get your first job, and no one can or will do that work for you.\xa0Our career counselor gave us all of the tools to position us to be the best possible applicants out there (seriously, I feel like I'm a LinkedIn, Meetup, and applicant tracking system guru), but even so, the job search takes time (it can be many months) and starting salaries can be low. I think this is all completely reasonable, and I'd only ask that GA be very upfront about this truth.\xa0\nFor me, the course was worth it. I'm happier and more excited about my work and my job than I ever have been, and\xa0I'd take the course again in a heartbeat.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Great course. Got a paid internship / junior role within 2 months of finishing the course with a brilliant agency. The UXDI content is diverse and interesting, teaching staff are very engaged and just good all round people.\nI now work in an environment I love with the best people I've ever worked with. Very expensive course but definitely worth it to leave behind a career that leaves you feeling meh.\nThe careers ('outcomes') team are absolutely brilliant. Just do what they say and be nice / keen and you can get a good gig afterwards.\nOne of the best things I've ever done. Thank you GA!\nThe caveats:\xa0\n- really, really think twice (thrice?) about doing this if you have very young kids (unless you have full time\xa0childcare and/or a partner who doesn't want to see you\xa0for 3 solid months). You will work 6 full days a week, and some very late nights, and on day 7 you'll be braindead. This gets good results but can put a big strain on family life. That factor was my only big regret.\n- cross your fingers for a good cohort. The people you train with have a big impact on how much you get out of the course\n- the market for Juniors is pretty competitive so get ready to roll your sleeves up and be very proactive to get your first role.\n- you will learn a lot in a short space of time, and yet not know very much when you come out compared to your colleagues if you work in a good agency. Don't expect to come out a pro. This is just the first step!\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., GA in UXD provides me in-depth learning and best practices in UXD industry particular in design thinking and design process.\xa0 My practitioner, Alvin Loh is helpful and answer all our questions as details as possible. As of now, I can be very sure I'm better prepared when I'm conducting UX process or workshop.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I want to start by saying I am only 18. Most of the people I see attend this are in their 20s but don't feel like being younger than everyone will stop you if you are considering coming to GA after high school.\xa0\nThe course is fast paced and you have to put in the time and effort if you want to succeed. You may not have a whole lot of time during the weeks for the duration of the course so it's really a committment. I think the fast paced is perfect for learning, especially for web development. You need to be able to learn on your own as a developer and the course really encourages you to do that.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I highly recommend GA for Web Development Immersive course for the people that want to do a career change into web development in a short period of time. \nI have to say that the best way to do this course is by totally committing to it, giving up most of your weekends to get most out of it. \nJoel teacher wast the best teacher I ever had. He had extensive knowledge in this field and was very lucky to have him as an instructor, same with the teacher assistants, they were extra helpful . \nAlso Lucy was super helpful with helping what to do after GA, and I really thank her for all her effort she put to help us all in having the job we wanted. \nJoining GA was one of the best decisions in my life. I could not say anything bad about the whole experience, plus the new campus is great!!!\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I started my career in design being an engineer. I always lack details on UX terms and process. I compared many courses available online and found some great feedback online. The syllabus was exactly what I wanted to learn. I decided to go ahead with this. It was one of the best decision I made to opt for this course. I have learned the whole UX process. This gonna help me in my career for sure.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., That course is like a guide to the new field. If you want to became really Data Scientist, you have to get more knowlodge beyond that course. Anyway they\xa0have\xa0very good instructors and community. Thanks.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly is a great school for expanding your skillset. I was sponsored by my work to take\xa0the part-time UX course. I apply things I learned in my UX course at work and in life daily. Taking this course has truly influenced the way I think about design and approach problems.\xa0The classes are always interesting. I was never bored in class and I always felt that the material was relevant.\nThere were two main negatives to taking the part-time course. The first is that you don't\xa0receive direct job assistance from General Assembly like the full time course does. The second is that it can feel like there isn't enough class time to do activities or dive deeply into topics.\xa0\nThat being said, I loved the course and am thankful I had the opportunity to take it!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The\xa0quality of the curriculum, instructors, job support, and facilities we're great. The instructors were great as well. Only issue I would have is that the ciriculum\xa0was TOO fast paced for me personally. Would have loved to seen a slower paced ciriculum\xa0offered.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This was a blog post I wrote in 2015 about my experience at GA that I still this is relevant.\xa0\nThis was a really good experience for me. My situation is not going to be like everyone else’s, so let me give you the low down on why, for me, it was a good fit.\nIf you don’t feel like reading this epistle, skip to the bottom and read the section on “What to expect if you are thinking…”\nI’ve been learning HTML and CSS off and on over the past six years. I bought books and read them. Did online tutorials. Had friends and co-workers walk me through the basics of HTML and CSS. I cannot tell you how many times I have created the “Hello World!” page. I have learned a bit over the years, but not enough to be considered dangerous by any stretch of the imagination.\nI’m currently working at FamilySearch as a UX/UI designer. Been there for a little over two and a half years, and during that time our webDev team put together a skills building program. A set of requirements that demonstrates understanding, application, and proficiency of core HTML, CSS and JS principles. Developed for our webDevs, our UX El Jefe challenged the designers to get certified in a different discipline in order to have a more well-rounded understanding of how our designs are implemented in the code.\nI cannot emphasize this enough: to learn how to code has been one of the best career decisions I have ever made.\n“The more we know how the web works, the better we can design for it. A painter knows paint. A sculptor knows clay or marble. Musicians understand acoustics, feedback, mics, guitars, pianos, etc. There’s a technical aspect to every medium. The better a designer understands the technical aspects of their craft, the better their designs.”\n–Tom DeForest, UX Heros: John Dilworth\nEnter General Assembly\nI did my homework and developed my own objectives as aligned with FamilySearch’s goals towards certification. Then I contacted General Assembly (GA) and told them I was interested in their program. Based on my prior learnings…if you could even call them that, I felt like I had enough background in HTML/CSS to make the course do-able and help me get certified. I received the course outline for GA’s FEWD program and ran it past my webDev managers. They thought it was a solid curriculum and gave it their blessing.\nMy FEWD class was taught by two developers; the course instructor is a professional in the web development community, and the TA is a recent graduate from the General Assembly Web Development Immersive program. My class was 10-weeks long and held on Saturdays from 10–5 at their Santa Monica LA campus. Class size was about 30–35 students.\nI was really happy with the course. The highlights for me were: learning and understanding the HTML/CSS/JS syntax and document structure; responsive design and utilizing media queries; some Bootstrap and how to use the responsive framework; how to talk to my devs and use their terminology when communicating my designs. This one sounds a little funny, but it’s true: learning how to ask Google. Google will tell you anything you want it to, as long as you know how to ask correctly. If I have questions about code, syntax, structure, etc. I now know how to ask. Creating WordPress themes. This was a bonus. We built a custom theme in class based on a previous homework assignment. I was even able to turn my final project into a WordPress theme based on that class.\nTo graduate from the FEWD program there were essentially two requirements: attend 80% of the classes, and build a site that demonstrated what we learned. GA wanted us to build a multiple page site with linking pages, and use of HTML/CSS/JS.\nCoding is a language. If you’re not going to use it, you’re going to lose it. Stay on top of it. Also, learn to jump in and figure it out.\nWhat to expect if you are thinking about taking this class:\nIf you want to get the most out of this course, code. Then code some more. The best way to learn is repetition. I probably spent an additional 10–15 hours per week outside of class time coding. I did my homework. Deleted it. And did it again. The course is expensive. Get everything you can out of it.\nThe course is designed to increase your skill set, not to get you a job as a developer. If you are looking to change careers, this is not that kind of course. You will want the Web Development Immersive course or something similar.\nYou are not going to learn how to design for the web. You are going to learn how to code.\nThe lessons are structured as high-level primers with code-a-longs. The instructors expect you to take the initiative and learn to delve deeper on your own. Instructors are always available for questions and help.\nI wish the instructors talked more about best practices and correct principles and guidelines.\nThe course seemed to cater to the people who were struggling with coding concepts. It slowed the overall pace of the class.\nMake use of lab time and the instructors’ office hours. Their time is invaluable. Use it.\nThere are always events going on at the Santa Monica campus. For the most part, it was fine, but sometimes it got really annoying and distracting. GA needs a building better suited for the number of classes, lectures, and seminars at that location.\nI wish we spent more time on vanilla JavaScript, but I think they could have spent the whole ten weeks just on this.\nFree snacks and candy.\nGreat networking opportunities with classmates and instructors.\nAccess to GA Front Row, lectures and seminars.\nSuggestions for General Assembly:\nExpand the FEWD curriculum. If I was running GA, that’s what I would do. You can thank me later.\nFEWD 101\nUtilize the current part-time FEWD curriculum. Overview and application of HTML and CSS with an intro in JS.\nFEWD 201\nFull vanilla JavaScript class. Understanding the DOM and DOM manipulation. JS libraries and how they work and integrate with your site. A little bit of jQuery with an intro in Angular JS.\nFEWD 301\nGetting comfortable with the command line. Using git and github and understanding version control. Scaffolding and frameworks. Drill down on all or few of these (Node JS, Angular JS, Express JS, Node Package Manager (npm), Bower, Grunt, Gulp, Yeoman, Web Starter Kit.) And finally, testing. You could work with companies that have hired GA WDI alums and adjust the program as needed.\nHope this helps.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I attend the Web Development Immersive program\xa0and it completely changed the course of my life and career.\xa0 Everyday I am shocked and elated that this program worked so well for me and my peers.\xa0 I recommend GA to anyone I know looking to make the switch into tech.\xa0 I loved my experience and am grateful everyday for choosing to enroll at GA.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I can say without a doubt that going to\xa0 General Assembly is the best thing I have done in life thus far. I went to multiple different open houses for coding boot camps and GA was the one that stuck out to me because of how open and friendly the staff was. I felt like home. My 12 week during the WDI course was like nothing I have taken before. It was rigorous but very rewarding. I was skeptical of the idea that I could learn everything to become a proficient web developer in 12 weeks and boy was a wrong. Not only was I able to finish my 12 weeks of coursework and continue on to land 2 software jobs after graduating. One of which I got because of GA's hiring network(Current Job) but I was able to go back and teach the knowledge I had received from GA. General Assembly changed my life and I couldn't be more grateful for a school like this to exist. I couldn't have done it without my wonderful instructors, classmates and the staff members at GA\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate.]", '[I joined GA in hopes of changing my career from being an elementary school teacher to being a designer for education technology. I had always been interested in user interfaces but didn\'t really see any college programs that would give me the value that I needed in such a short amount of time. The UX Design Immersive program at GA peaked my interest because I was told that I would learn about the user experience design process from research to visual design in 10 weeks. After I joined, I learned how fast, fun, and challenging the agile design process is. My instructor Natasha had such valuable insight after working in the industry, using real-life examples to answer every one of our classes questions (we couldn\'t stump her!) Working with others (both users and designers) at GA helped me understand the types of questions and tests that are important to go through to make sure that my designs were user friendly and intuitive. I also learned how to sketch, make wireframes, and create high-fidelity visual designs. I use all of these skills at my job today - I work at TeachersConnect and am their only UX Designer for their app. We work through one-week design sprints from research to visual design just like I did at GA. The several in-class projects and real-client project really allowed me practice my skills and prepared me for what I do every day at TeachersConnect. I was able to get my job thanks to the amazing career coach Julie that I had worked with during and after my program. Above all, I have come back to GA because of the community that is there for me. Everyone there is always willing to lend a helping hand (or do a quick user test!) My classmates are now my UX colleagues and good friends, and are all happy at their new UX jobs as well. GA was one of the smartest choices I made. I would recommend it to anyone who is willing to work hard and use the resources that GA offers to make a career change.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., Firstly to give a true and fair review of the General Assembly bootcamp I have to say I\'m not paid by them or have any affiliations to market their business. I can choose not to say anything but I feel that I have to because I believe there are many people considering a career change into the tech industry (like myself) but do not know who to trust to help them get a job at the end of it. My\xa0review will be for GA in Melbourne, Australia, as I\'m not sure if the outcomes are the same in other locations. To sum it up if people can\'t be bothered to read further, yes I got offered a job prior to graduating, yes I found other jobs, yes I am still working in the tech industry as a software developer. Also I didn\'t have prior education in any I.T related fields before joining.\nI\'m so glad to have signed up and gone through the course, to sum up the course in one paragraph I must say, the course is well structured and starts from the basics. I found that there was enough homework at the end of the day. The supporting staff are there to help from day 1. The teaching staff includes 1 instructor and 1 or 2 technical assistants. The course makes you want to step out of your comfort zone and you will make mistakes but that is a good thing as it is a safe learning environment.\nMost importantly the material they teach is highly relevant for the current market. If you do everything as they say and continue to improve your skills you will be in a good position at the end of the course to find work you are interested in.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., Great course and instructor.\xa0 Just would like to get in to Javascript much sooner and stick with it longer\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I can\'t thank General Assembly enough for the great experience that I had. Prior to GA,\xa0I was working a retail job where I wasn\'t feeling fullfiled with the work I was doing. At the time, I was also self-learning how to code through Codeacademy, free tutorials from Apple\'s iBooks, and attending meet-up events\xa0after work. One morning while riding the subway to work, I came upon an advertisement that would encourage me to take the leap into changing my career.\xa0\nGeneral Assembly\'s Web Development Immersive course is a challenging course where you\'ll be coding from 9-5 with about 2-3 hours of homework that is due at 10pm. They make it clear to you from day 1 that WDI is no joke. I strongly recommend spending about 1-3 months preparing before you decide to take the course. Instructors won\'t always hand hold you so if you are not the self-learning type, this may be a very challenging course for you. Although I don\'t consider myself as someone who is an amazing programmer, I sat next to individuals in class who were. Choosing who you sit next to in class\xa0is quite important when you need help debugging or just catching up with what\xa0instructors are going through. I\xa0also highly recommend finding friends that you can work with after class in completing assignments. After all, software is a team sport.\xa0\nIn terms of job opportunities, I had known from the beginning that I wanted to go into a more business/tech role.\xa0I discovered the route of technical product management and expressed that to my career coach (who was super awesome by the way) and Outcomes manager earlier on. Learning how to code has opened up many doors for me. Currently, I just landed a role in PM so everything worked out in the end!\xa0\nThere are some people who has complained about GA but the reality is that if you are willing to put in the effort great things will happen! You can\'t expect to learn everything in the span of 12 weeks so instructors really do a great job at teaching students how to learn on their own as well as in team environments. I remember going to GA everyday (including the weekends) because I was 100% committed to succeeding in this course. I thoroughly enjoyed the time that I had there. Thank you General Assembly!\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., One word - Brilliant.\n\r\nThis course was delivered in a timely and clear manner. Our instructors are knowledgeable and welcoming to new students especially to those who are not proficient or new to Analytics.\xa0\nThe learning environment is practical and fosters creativity which is vital to a short course such as this one, allows us the freedom and confidence to experiment and improve when we are not in class.\xa0\nFurthermore, the communication between instructors and the GA admin is immediate and informative - this is a huge stress relief for us all as undertaking this course while we have other commitments can be strenuous.\xa0\nWith that, it would be slightly more beneficial to students if the course could be more tailored to the local demographics - however I understand the course is designed in NYC, however some autonomy to the local instructors could serve to benefit students.\nOther than that - I would 10/10 recommend this course.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I just graduated from General Assembly\'s Web Development Immersive in Atlanta -- WDI12. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at GA and feel confident that, with time, I will find the right company to exercise my newly honed skills.\xa0\nThe instructors, teaching assistants, frontline staff, and outcomes career coach make for a safe and challenging space in which to learn. From day one\xa0of the course, both the operations manager and the instructors make it very plain -- this is going to be exceptionally\xa0hard. It\'s an immersive, your\xa0days will be consumed with schoolwork\xa09-5 and\xa05-9. In my experience, it was more like 8:30am to 11pm every single day -- nothing but code, new tools, face palming because you were missing a semi-colon in one place and it took you hours to find it, frustrating, and maddeningly\xa0rewarding.\xa0\nThere is\xa0one variable that is beyond your\xa0control and that is who is sitting in the classroom with you. I cannot emphasize enough how important my\xa0peers were to me. I graduated with some of the most humble, compassionate, and brilliant developers. Every single person would happily pause what they were doing to help a fellow classmate whether it were to debug a problem\xa0or offer an opinion on styling.\xa0I hope every GA cohort is so lucky to have amazing peers\xa0and instructors to lean on.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., Web Development Immersive\nFull time Full stack developer bootcamp\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA wasn\'t just about a coding experience, it has also given me an understanding of being adaptable to the ups and downs that we had experienced in the beginning of each unit. I now embody a strong self-belief that regardless of the outside circumstances, I am able to do whatever I set my mind to because I have done so many times before. Another great fulfilling experience was working in a group, it has helped me develop a team mindset and an ability to find the unique speciality in each of my team members. It also gave me a chance to push myself and support my team at the same time, which is a plus!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Most appealing aspect of General Assembly courses is the practical and hands-on nature. We get the opportunity to learn concepts and\xa0become aware of relevant tools, then\xa0\xa0offers a platform to apply all we\xa0learn and share our findings in the form of a final project. Instructors are of high caliber, we are able to learn from true experts. Support staff are very friendly with great customer service. This course demonstrates "Data is the future of oil", when data is handled and managed appropriately, decisions can be more effective.\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., As a freshly graudated 22 year old math major with little idea of what career I wanted to pursue, I stumbled upon General Assembly\'s Data Science Immersive Program shortly after graduating and am extremely satisifed with my overall experience. My instructors in the course were extremely knowledgeable and taught me more than I ever could imagine in the course of three months. Although I can\'t say I\'m a master of machine learning (it would be impossible to do so in just three months), I know what I don\'t know and have honed the ability to LEARN which is perhaps the most important skill in the tech industry nowadays. This course put me on track to succeed as a data scientist\xa0in my mid 20s and the confidence to go out into a job interview ready to answer techincal questions and having\xa0valuable skills to bring to the table.\nOne important thing to note about the course\xa0is that you\xa0really need to drive to constantly learn new things and also have some interest in mathematics/ programming or you will quickly fall behind. That being said if you want to make a career change into working with data and possess those attributes, the GA Data Science Immersive Program is a great start\xa0to catapult you into the field.\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., I felt satisfied every day with the amount of knowledge given to me. This course is excellent for newcomers in Web Dev as well as people with more experience. If you feel like you are drowning in work just keep pushing through and you will succeed, they really do give you everything you need to succeed.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I went to General Assembly when I realized that I was ready for a big career shift and I was going to need some help.\xa0I was beginning\xa0the process of switching careers from an actor on Broadway to a role in the tech industry as a web developer. I am incredibly grateful to the entire team at GA for their help and support on my journey. First and foremost, GA\'s teaching staff are not just great educators, but also professionals currently working in the industry. Their knowledge stems from a deeper understanding of how you will actually\xa0use these technologies in an day to day\xa0working environment. As a result, I never felt like I was being taught something that wouldn\'t be relevant. They were all passionate about the material and had clearly taken time to prepare before the class. I am forever grateful for the teachers I had during my time at GA.\xa0\n\r\nThe second thing about my experience at GA that I cannot praise enough is their outcomes team. One of the biggest problems I had with my undergraduate experience was that I felt like I was educated on what to do once I had the job I was seeking but there was no\xa0help or real hands-on training or support for\xa0how to get the job. GENERAL ASSEMBLY\xa0DOES THIS SO WELL! Their team worked with us very early on in the course\xa0and for months after I had graduated. Having people actively\xa0sharing your resume, supporting you, submitting your work, and working on your behalf\xa0who know you personally is so valuable. And they aren\'t just helping you find the job but educating you on how to improve your resume, interview techniques, cover letters and more. This is what puts General Assembly ahead of so many other schools that offer web development courses.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate.]', '[I enrolled in the WDI of GA because I wanted to learn how to create websites. In the 3 months I was with them, the instructor taught us everything we needed to know and more. GA does a spectacular job of providing support to its students and creating a fun and lively ambience for students to learn. I highly recommend the course to anyone who wants to learn web development.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The course is very well structured and challenging. GA\xa0have the best instructors and the best supporting staff, they make the learning experience so much fun.\xa0I learned so much in such a short period of time, and I enjoyed every moment of the course.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I\'ve worked in the digital industry for 15 years but was feeling a bit flat. I finally had the headspace (after having 2 kids) to start thinking about my career again and wanted to fill in the gaps and get up to speed. \nThat was my intention... but what happened exceeded expectations. \nI had used the \'tools of the trade\' before, and had even freelanced as a UX designer. But this course gave me a better understanding of the\xa0WHY, and HOW\xa0to\xa0turn all the bits of information into actionable insights and using that to inform the design process. \nIt was challenging and empowering to break old habits and to focus so much energy on making sure you are solving the \'right\' problem before allowing yourself to move into solution mode. Seeing classmates go through their own \'aha\' moments was really interesting, as was the breadth of final presentations and hearing all the challenges and pivot moments. We had\xa0an extremely supportive group of teachers, teaching aids and classmates. \nTwo\xa0months on, and I am loving my job. Applying the \'process\' of UX to my current work has been immensely satisfying and achieving much better results. Instead of using\xa0the \'tools\' in an ad hoc manner, I have the confidence to communicate the entire process as part of risk management and get more engagement from stakeholders. Instead of being reactive when somebody tells me they need a solution that does XYZ, I can use the UX language to find out more about the \'suspected problem\' so we can move through the various stages to make sure we are solving the right problem before we even start thinking about the solution. \nI could go on and on. Suffice to say I loved the course and completely recommend it.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., A well run course, pitched primarily at the entry level for Digital Product Managers. \xa0The presenter did a great job of presenting the key principles in a fresh and lively manner and illustrated many key points with some real world examples. \xa0The class members were energetic, fun and made solid contributions to learning for everyone. \xa0Final, group project added an extra dimension to learning and it was practical and fun. \xa0A great way for me to get a refresh on some key Product Management principles and upskill on more digitally focussed areas.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took WDI from March to June of 2015. I previously had a job in community relations, but felt uninspired by my day-to-day (I just hated it). I tried out some free resources on\xa0Codecademy and applied to several bootcamps. After checking a few out, I liked the campus and curriculum at General Assembly the best.\nAbout two years later - no regrets. I love programming, and GA gave me what I needed to do this as a career! My teachers were fantastic, passionate, and gifted with coding and educational chops. It was VERY stressful at times, but I loved working together with my classmates to get to "the next level," so to speak.\nMy only note is that I had a job lined up before graduation, so I don\'t have experience with the career coaching so much.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., Course reviewThis Review Is Helpful76Flag as inappropriate., I took the Data Analytics part-time course in London. The program consists of learning the process of data analysis and practical skills to perform data analysis.\n\xa0\nNowadays for online business, marketing & data analysis tend to become a one-person job as campaigns can be optimised in real time based on their performances.\xa0This program gives you a set of skills that aren\'t taught at the university if you studied broad subjects like marketing or business.\nThe theoretical part was very useful for me to understand what is the best approach before to do a specific analysis. How to prepare the business questions and choose a data set.\nThen we did many exercises using Excel, SQL, Tableau to learn how to leverage those tools to make the analysis and provide great data insights.\nWhat makes me satisfied is that I could use at work the next day what I had learned at night.\xa0\nI also met interesting, passionate and motivated people. In my group there was people from many industries (Finance, online business, offline business ...).\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful10Flag as inappropriate., Great Product Management course for a med device product manager. Learned enough to understand how I could improve my job today and where I could keep improving.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The Data Science course at GA was excellent!\nAs anyone who has any prior knowlege of the field would expect, the curriculium is quite broad, and as a result the part-time course does not go in depth in any areas, but rather takes you through the basics in as many areas as it can in 10 weeks. I imagine the full-time course would provide a more conclusive education, but i can\'t really comment on that.\nEven though I would not recommend the part-time course to people looking for a conclusive education, it was invaluable to me and will be to people looking to explore the options available in the Data Science profession. The part-time course does not pretend to give you all the tools you need to succeed in the industry. Instead, GA has clearly realised that would be cramming too much into too little time, and have structured the course to give you a good introduction to each area of Data Science and provide you with enough information to get you started on your own educational journey.\nThis course will provide you with the basic knowlege of tools, concepts and processes needed to get started with your own exploration and an excellent environment to ask questions and network with like-minded professionals.\nI would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in getting started in Data Science, but doesn\'t know where to start and what\'s involved.\nThis Review Is Helpful10Flag as inappropriate., I learned so much in such a short period of time, GA has taken me from knowing basic HTML, CSS, JS to being a full stack developer. After graduating I managed to add another 2 full stack applications to my portfolio, which goes to show you don’t even need your teachers afterwards to get stuff done since they teach you everything properly\xa0 so it sticks!\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took an on-campus Software Engineering Immersive course at General Assembly in Manhattan and I had a great experience. The on campus atmosphere was nice and friendly and conductive to learning. The professors and TA\'s were available for help and excellent at teaching technical skills as well as explaining what is relevant in the industry. The outcomes team and career coach were super helpful in explaining what the field is like as far as job seeking and getting through interviews in the software engineering field (this was an area I felt inexperienced with and unsure about). I finished the course feeling much more confident about that. The staff was cool and so were fellow students, who were as driven to grow and succeed as I was. We formed some awesome friendships there. Overall, it\'s an experience that helped me grow and get the kind of job I was looking for, so I recommend it.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Enrolled in General Assembly\'s 480+ hour Software Engineering Immersive program, covering HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery, ReactJS (router, hook, context, Jest), Node, MongoDB/Mongoose, Express (mocha, chai, supertest), SQL, Python, and Django. Covers a broad range of subjects at a fast pace.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Trying to crack into the tech field without the resources/network/knowledge is a tall order but through the GA SEI Bootcamp, I was able to launch into a career despite having little development/coding experience before joining GA. This doesn\'t mean that it will be easy, the months spent in the course were some of the longest/hardest times but the instructors/TA\'s & your fellow classmates truly help propel you to the finish line. While there are definitely some things that could be improved upon (some lectures were not updated/group time truly dependent on if the individuals cared about doing work that day) the overall experience was great. Outcomes were extremely responsive post-course and helped improve my chances of landing a full-time position. At the end of the day, as most others have already said, the amount of effort you put in will show in the end.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Bootcamps are not for the faint of heart. GA made sure to let me know this, from the interview process to enroll, to the pre-course work, inclusive subscription to a wellness coach via Ginger app, your on-call course Student Success Specialist (mine was Lo - they were super supportive!), scheduled teacher check-ins, the built-in supportive channels on the GA Slack network, and the STRONG suggestion to treat this as a full-time job from day on top of recommendations to schedule in self-care time and have support people outside of the course to unwind with.I say this to show:A. Yes, it is really is an intensive - and, at times, brutal - amount of work (because the diversity of the topics means there will always be elements you\'re weaker in)\xa0B. They don\'t treat student intake casually - it\'s quality over quantity and\xa0C. They\'re constantly iterating the course process to better set up for success with each cycle.During the course, I was in class or working on assignments for most of my waking hours. I definitely investing in an ergonomic chairs, second screen, blue light filter glasses and taking screen breaks. The biggest factor of course satisfaction is going to be my co-students and the instructional team and they were both freaking excellent. Our course started our large enough to get 2 Instructors (Emily Landsman, Jeffrey Preston) and 2 Instructional Assistants (Aly Gombos, Jennifer Houlihan) and all of them had a different skill set, backgrounds, and approach to teaching. We also were the test-run class for a UXDI/SEI crossover project which taught us a lot about interacting cross-departmentally with software developers. I\'ve learned so much from each of them and IAs have both reached out to let me know about jobs postings relevant for me or to advocate for my skills even months after the course ended. My student cohort was amazing and even 6 months later are some of my closest friends. I genuinely miss those long, intense, productive days of class!Screen fatigue is a thing and remote work can get lonely, I\'m so glad the remote option is available since there\'s no campus anywhere NEAR Pittsburgh, PA. Even then, I can\'t imagine adding in transport time/money it would\'ve cost for an in-person class. Most of all, being over Zoom means that each lecture is recorded so that I can go back and replay whatever lesson I need whenever I want. :)Last but not least: Outcomes. The post-course employment assistance GA includes in course enrollment is a serious lifesaver post-course. My Outcomes Coach Julie has kept us all accountable, afloat, and in the right headspace through the epic exhausting adventure that is landing that first job. They\'ve tried new strategies almost monthly to find new ways of giving us an edge in this pandemic landscape where job fairs and mingling events are no longer a thing - seriously it feels like Outcomes is working just as hard as we all are to find how to get us hired. I\'m in the middle of the interview process with a company they connected me to with their most recent addition, a GA-based Referral Program system.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I attended General Assembly\'s Software Engineering Immersive remote program in January of 2021. Overall, it was a very positive experience for me!\xa0Even though it was remote, my cohort was "New York-based" so we operated on Eastern Time and most of the instructors were from the East coast. I was told that the New York cohorts are unique because they use a different instructor for each of the 4 units. Other cohorts apparently usually have 2 co-instructors that switch off and each teaches 2 units. This was both a pro and a con sometimes for me because the program is 12 weeks long and the units are only 3 weeks each. Just when you get comfortable with the instructor\'s teaching style, you are whisked away into the next unit with a new instructor. This can be a positive if you don\'t really like a particular instructor or are struggling with the teaching style, but it can also be negative since it can be jarring to switch up so quickly.\xa0Overall, the program is intense! I\'m sure you\'ve read many other reviews that say this because it\'s true! It can definitely get overwhelming, especially if you have little-to-no experience with coding/programming before entering the program. You can easily bet on having 10+ hour days at least 5 days/week. What\'s nice is that you usually get a little bit of a break during the weekend because Friday\'s homework USUALLY isn\'t due until Sunday of that week, so you can take a weekend day off if you need/want.\xa0Ultimately, you get what you put into the program. I mentioned before that it can be very overwhelming to learn new languages in general, but especially if you don\'t have any background coding experience/exposure. That being said, there were quite a few of my classmates that had very little prior experience with coding that did extremely well. If you\'re hungry to learn and truly invest yourself in this bootcamp, I believe you will have a positive experience. This is definitely not an easy program, you will have to put in the work, but if you do, it will be worth it!\xa0About job support: each cohort has a dedicated career coach which you meet with (as a group) multiple times throughout the program. Your career coach creates interactive presentations on various topics regarding the job search such as: building your personal brand, tips for your portfolio website, etc. If you qualify for Outcomes (which is GA\'s program for job-seekers), you are given additional support such as more meetings/workshops with your career coach and additional slack channels for job seekers where jobs are posted multiple times per day, often from companies who have hired GA grads before.\xa0I had a very positive experience with GA\'s Software Engineering Immersive program and truly believe that anyone from any background can be successful if you work hard, stay positive, and keep a growth mindset.\xa0\n\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I graduated from General Assembly Software Engineer Immersive Program in January 2021.\xa0It was a wild ride and I loved every second of it. I didn’t have any prior programming experience, so I got to make an extra effort in order to catch up with the cohort.\xa0I am extremely grateful for our amazing instructional team and all of the collaboration with my fellow classmates. GA provides after-hours support, short one-on-one sessions on Saturday’s and a bunch of different educational materials besides the regular lectures.\xa0Be ready to spend at least 6-8 months before you’ll land your first job. As for me, it\'s been only 3 months since I\'ve graduated and I’m not even close to it.\xa0 The payment program is helpful through and it is nice to know that I don\'t have to pay anything back until I am employed full time.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Part time course for Data science and Machine learning\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The course provides a really good foundation for what Product Management is, and how it varies in organisations of different sizes and stages of growth.\xa0 It explains the basics of complex frameworks, and gives you the opportunity to put them into practice in your own mock product discovery project- all in a whirlwind 5 daysThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., For a long time, I tittered on whether or not to go back to school to pursue UX Design. During my research for which schools, I spoke with a few UX designers and product managers that said they typically hire from General Assembly and have always been pleased with their hire. Once I started, the curriculum was so clear and the instructors were amazing--truly cared about our success. Furthermore, our cohort had access to a career coach who through it all helped us gear up for our career change. I can\'t say enough positive things about GA!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \xa0I took the GA UX Design Immersive course to pivot into UX from healthcare. From someone that didn\'t know what to expect when investing (yes, because it is an investment) in the course, I felt as if I left the program with a good foundation of what UX was and enough skills to feel confident in continuing my stride to get my foot in the door at an Austin based company.\xa0\xa0At the time I thought the curriculum was okay. Over a year later, I now work for GA and I have seen a tremendous improvement in the way they are teaching students and supporting students post-graduation. The new curriculum really allows students to start using design tools on day 1 of the program (a big change). The lessons are more in-depth and the instructors are encouraged to be open and speak about real-life experiences. Also, students are given portfolio reviews by industry professionals (super valuable, I wish I had that coming out of my cohort).\nOverall, I know that GA isn’t perfect, but I appreciate the fact that they are always moving forward to make sure that they are giving their students an experience that mimics the real UX world.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the User Experience Design immersive course (Remote) in 2020. The course overall was a great introduction to what UX/UI meant and how to apply it in the workforce. As someone that did not come from a tech or design background, this was very helpful and I never personally found myself blocked or falling behind because of my lack of experience. It really is an entry point! The instructional staff was always there to answer questions, provide examples or review my work. There is an Outcomes person that works with you on interview/resume/overall job hunt prep as well. While this person does not provide job/intern placement, they really do put the tools in your hands to get out there and succeed! I wish we had more time with them but the time we did have was valuable. The cohort I was in had around 20 people (give or take a few) and with two lead instructors and two instructional assistants, there was always someone to talk to. If by some chance they were all busy or it was after hours they always would set up a 1 on 1 the next day or answer as soon as they could in slack.One negative thing I will say is that because it was online, time zones were kind of a struggle for group projects or student communications. It was not the end of the world for east coast people but some of my west coast cohort mates were a bit thrown. Of course with anything, price matters. I personally was able to use the Vemo education plan so that was a huge help and a deciding factor in me selecting GA. \xa0\nOverall it was a positive experience and I would recommend the course I took to others that were interested in the field.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., It took me a long time to decide on a bootcamp. I was over 40 and had been out of school for a while, and wanted to make a major career change. It was going to be a major investment of time and money and I needed to be confident in my choice. The UXDI program at General Assembly delivered on all of its promises and more. The application process and pre-work really helped me shift into a growth mindset and set me up well fr success in the classroom after years away. I also benefitted from the Catalyst program, which let me defer course payments until after I had graduated AND landed work in the field.\xa0 It was an intense experience and took determination and hard work, but instructors and career coaches and staff were beside us every step of the way to help keep us on track. Two years later, I have all the UX work I can handle, I\'m earning almost 60% more than in my previous position, and still have time to volunteer my design skills with local nonprofits that are important to me. Plus I\'ve met some of the best, coolest people on the planet! Do your research, for sure - I did. But I am really pleased with what I was able to accomplish through General Assembly. Highest recommendation.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The GA team worked together to give me all the support I needed to learn. I could not have (would not have) done this on my own.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., For several years, I had been feeling like I was wasting my potential in my job when I got the idea to try some online coding classes. I practiced first on Codecademy for free, before enrolling on General Assembly\'s online front-end web development course. My instructors in Sydney were fantastic and I was so sad when it ended that I signed up right away for a full-time, three-month bootcamp in London to learn full-stack Software Engineering. This was a huge financial risk because I had to leave my job, but it was worth every penny!\xa0I got to build a portfolio of projects using the most employable technologies right now (eg. React, Django, Node), which I could show to potential employers and clients. I was a bit nervous to do the course remotely, but GA has been doing this since long before the pandemic and the whole team was well prepared to answer questions and support me every step of the way. I am finally excited about my career again and hopeful for the future.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Thirteen-week full-time instructor-led course covering the coding (Python-based) and statistics and probability foundations for exploratory data analysis, visualization, feature engineering/selection, and model building.\xa0 The course covers models ranging from linear and logistic regression, to time-series forecasting, natural language processing, neural networks, and Bayesian systems.\xa0 In addition to interactive lectures and two substantial homework assignments each week, students complete six projects using real-world data. You will not be bored.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I was very impressed by both the content and the pacing of this course. I was thankfully able to take the course due to a local scholarship, and I found it to be very practical while balancing a work schedule. The content was more in-depth than I expected, and provided a solid foundation that makes it easier to continue learning once the course is completed. While the pacing is fast during classes, having only 2 classes a week allows for individual practice later on; I don\'t think I would have gotten as much out of the course if it had not included the amount of content that it did. Instructors are friendly, flexible, and there are numerous options for office hours. The office hours are where I was really able to solidify my learning. For this course I would recommend that you have a second monitor, it was difficult to complete the later stages of the course without one, but it was not impossible. Since the course is available across the USA it\'s important to consider time zones as well (the class was help 9-11PM, Monday and Wednesday for me.) Again this was challenging but I believe it was worth it. For anyone looking for a structured way to upskill while working full time, this class is a very good option.\xa0The background provided in this course will give you the ability to learn more on your own, which I have done. If the program was longer, I would have liked to learn window functions as part of the SQL unit.\xa0 While I now have some projects in my portfolio, I still do not feel like I know enough to apply for jobs--five years ago it would have been different, but the job market is difficult right now due to COVID. I have heard the immersive courses at GA also have support for resume building, interview practice etc, but I\'m not able to afford that at this time.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Certification course for UX Design for General Assembly.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I chose General Assembly because they started teaching coding from scratch - that is, without the intimidating lingo or skipping basic steps. The team at GA is not only great at teaching how to code, but also very cognizant of student\'s work-life balance and mental health. Each student was taken care of and not left behind if they were struggling. The program is fast-paced and challenging, but I felt supported along every step of the way. The best part of General Assembly, for me, was the Outcomes program. I wouldn\'t have been able to find such a great job so quickly without the help of General Assembly Outcomes. GA really cares about taking care of their students and helping find a new career path post-bootcamp.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly\'s Software Engineering Intensive program is geared toward getting students jobs, from its carefully-designed curriculum to its rigorous and thorough Outcomes support. I do wish we had learned more OOP languages, or more languages that employers are looking for in the Boston area, like Python and Java.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This Bootcamp covers a lot of material within the three months which pushes individuals to rise to the challenges (PS, if you are looking for something light paced, this is not the Bootcamp for you, it requires time, dedication and most of your attention) What I loved about the GA UX Bootcamp was that it\'s very project-based so you keep learning and directly applying that knowledge to create potential solutions. There are a total of five projects covered and three of them are fully team-based, permitting you to learn to work with others and feed off each other\'s skills. The projects span from website heuristic evaluation, information architecture redesign, Android & iOS app design, and responsive websites and the tools you learn to design on are mainly industry used (Figma, Sketch and Invision although we mostly worked on Figma and had a class for the other two). The instructors and TAs are really amazing, as they help you every step of the way, especially if you ask a lot of questions (which they love lol) and the job assistance has been quite helpful so far, although I face external challenges being an international student. After the course, you definitely feel like a Junior UX Designer and have the tools to apply and consistently improve on your skills.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., My experience with GA has been nothing but awesome. My instructor has a solid background in Math and Statistics, he is able to explain abstract concepts in a simple and easy-to-understand manner. Importantly, the curriculum is challenging but manageable, even for people who have almost zero experience with Python programming. They have multiple projects to immediately apply what you have learned, which was really helpful in "locking" it inside your memory.While looking for a job, graduating from GA definitely gave me an edge over other schools which also provide similar bootcamps. It pushes us to do challenging capstone projects which are relevant to our local context, which impressed the interviewers.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Salutations everyone! I hope whoever’s reading this doing well. I’m a college student at The University of Louisville, located in Kentucky. I decided to take a class which offered a scholarship for my freshman year of college and this is one that offered one. I truly enjoyed this class, the instructors, my classmates, the Curriculum, all of it was quite an experience. In under 3-4 months, I learned how not only websites work, but how to create my own. Taking this class was indeed a challenge knowing I’ve never did anything like this, it took time and dedication but I’ve learned how to make websites, and even my own. I must thank off of my classmates, instructors and all the help that I’ve received sense. I can now say in under 5 months I’m able to create websites from scratch using JavaScript,CSS, and HTML.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Overall, I\'m very satisfied with the experience I had with GA. Curriculum is covers well most important topics and students are encouraged to go deeper whenever they feel the need to. Instructors and assistants are great also, providing you support and challenging in a way to foster critical thinking. The 1-week intensive course is indeed intensive and requires 100% of full dedication for 6 days in a row - so be aware that if you want to make the most out of it, save the entire week exclusively for that. The only downside is in terms of price: the cost benefit (price vs high quality) is unbalanced and I think that taking LinkedIn learning courses and reading books can allow you reaching the same level (in more time and spending way less). So for you to think if doing this course is a short term benefit or it.Thanks!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I completed Software Engineering Immersive program in 3 months and after graduation I find a job by myself. Yes outcomes team helped to me about editing my resume and also personal portfolio page. But weird thing started after this. They added me to a outcomes channel after graduation to let me informed about new job opportunities.\xa0 And\xa0also they told me that their outcomes support is lifetime support before start the program. But when I find a job by myself the kicked me out from that channel. I asked about the reason they said me that \'Because you got a job\' I tried to explain that I can search for a better position by those job opportunities and also\xa0I find my job by myself they didn\'t find it. But they couldn\'t explain this to me. My spouse was thinking about to a program at GA, after this experience she decided to look for another bootcamp.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., When I first attempted a run at coding and software engineering, I bounced off of it HARD. It was vague, overly complicated, I couldn’t see the real-world applications of what I was learning (despite knowing in the abstract that there were a ton), and was largely left to my own devices to try and figure it all out.\xa0The SEI program at General Assembly was a world apart. Though more narrowly focused than a general coding course or comp-sci degree, we were shown all of the different parts we would be working with, how they fit together, and used what we learned to make smaller-scale versions of real-world applications.I had the unenviable position of being right in the middle of my course when COVID hit and we had to transition on the spot from an in-person course to an online-only. Though less than ideal for my particular learning style, the classes were still handled admirably and taught as well as they could be for such a drastic shift for everyone involved. Since online-only versions of the courses already existed, the transition smoothed out in short order, and I am certain that the current online-only options are just as effective as any of the in-person courses.The course is expensive, so finding a sponsor of some sort is ideal, but the loan program they partner with has incredible terms, the two standout features being a cap on the money you’ll owe (so no worries about paying it off for decades because of interest compounding on interest), and that you don’t start paying anything until you are employed AND earning more than a minimum annual threshold (about $40k when I signed up).The only negative I really have to say is that while I understand that there’s some swapping out of instructors during the course for different specialists to instruct on their specialty, it can be a little jarring. Also, for full-stack development, authorization/authentication was something that I felt didn’t get quite the attention it needed, so that may be something to set aside for some independent study.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This is absolutely a wastage of time. This review is from my personal experience. They say that its for absolute beginners but at the same time , in the first week of the class, the instructor teaches you for 15 minutes and expects you to write a code in 30 seconds literally on slack. And if you are not actively writing or f=giving any answers , dont think that they are ok with that. They expect you to know everything , thinking that their way of teaching is world class however they teach so bad that you wont understand a thing. If you decide to pay upfront and didnt do one projcet on time , they will not tell you the consequences of not delivering on time the second time around infact they will keep you going and once you are half way through, they will have a meeting with you and will kick you out and will return you less than half of the amount that you paid. This school is absolutely a SCAM and I DO NOT recommend anyone wasting their time and money on this . They will not make things clear with you at all. They just find ways to kick you out.\xa0 My review is 100% coming from my personal experience .This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[A super cool program with real-life experiences and top-notch technology skills taught. It is a good fit for me.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The staff and quality of instruction was really great.\xa0 I was really happy with the whole experience.\xa0 I did kind of wish the course was maybe 2 weeks longer, but that\'s how it goes.\xa0 Recommended.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I had a great experience at General Assembly. My cohort was full of full time product managers who had just transitioned from the product owner role, international executives, and entrepreneurs. The content was thorough and engaging that helped me push myself and absorb information. I put in a lot of work to get everything done on time because we only had so much time in the day to cover a lot of content. However, it was truly an incredible experience and I am grateful to have learned from such wonderful instructors and people.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Attended the 20 lesson bootcamp. Was fantastic.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., SQL, Excel and Tableau skills\n\xa0\nThis is my second course with GA and it did not dissappoint.\xa0 The instructors are knowledgeable and accessible.\xa0 Both the instructor and TA were able to make time for you after hours for help.\xa0 The materials covered, SQL, Excel, and Tableau, were all pertinent to the real world.\xa0 The online class experience was engaging and the ability to be broken into rooms to work together was great.\xa0 BOTTOMLINE: The class was worth the money, the instructors were approachable and the company is professional and responsive to your needs.\xa0 Will definitely consider taking another course with them!\xa0\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The course seemed great when I was taking it, but it doesn\'t get you a job. 4 months of networking and job applications, and not a single interview.\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I completed a UX course in 2019, and I wouldn\'t recommend GA UX immersive to anyone unless you just have free time and extra cash to spend. I\'m writing this review for someone like I used to be, so they do not repeat my mistake.I\'m not coming from a design background but I do have a college degree, customer experience, sales, and marketing experience for over 5 years.\xa0What I liked: some teachers were interesting and smart, I enjoyed their personalities. WeWork space and free coffee perks. And this is about it. I would love to say I liked my fellow students, but because we were competition most of them were cold, selfish, and aggressive.While I\'m grateful to my teachers for what they were able to expose me to, I have to be honest by leaving this review. If I had read an honest review I would have never taken the boot camp.\nThe structure of the learning material is horrible. It is mostly presented in small slides with jokes that are articles you can find yourself online and lots of games, "exercises". Please spare yourself money and time and play with people by attending meetups. They barely teach you any tools you will need to become a UX designer but throw it on you and you have to "figure it out yourself". Practically no help.\nToo many students. I complained about it from the start when I was promised 15-18 people at max and ended up with 25. Imagine how impersonal it was. And while I appreciate the teaching strategy to listen to everyone who has questions, 25 students asking questions (and some of them are "that personality" of asking every dumb question they can think of) took most of the time out of the day.\xa0\nCoffee breaks every 1-2 hours that will take sometimes up to 30 mins means your day is basically a 4-5 hour-day. Let me say it this way, I spent money and quit my job to learn, not to enjoy coffee breaks. While I would love it as a kid at elementary school, as an adult that was unacceptable on how much "free time" we were given.\nOut of a 10-week course, the last 3 weeks are team projects, that I consider unfair, again, to pay money so I can have zero teachings but work on my own. That could have been after boot camp is over. Not enough knowledge to swim by only having 7 weeks to learn the profession.\nCareer coach. While I enjoyed the personality of my career coach and think she is great, 15 mins each time just wasn\'t enough. Yes, 15 mins are all you get. The first 5 mins remind her about who you are and what you are trying to achieve and the 10 mins left are just a joke. We only had 2 coaches, not enough.\nNo opportunities or assistance provided. Took me 7 months to get my job, and I never had even 1 interview opportunity from GA. All the mixers, career fairs, etc. have barely any employers that are hiring. It\'s a joke really, so many alumni and no job opportunities whatsoever. Same as their online job hunting channel - there are barely any jobs posted, only spam and sometimes they just copy links from LinkedIn that are visible for anyone.\nThey will tell you to "Network" - their favorite word because they know you can\'t get a job with your skills because you barely have any. Honestly, I was embarrassed after a couple of meetups with real professionals tired of "vulture" boot campers trying to have a coffee date with them to get a job. This is pathetic. No one will "give" you a job unless it\'s your friend or family.\nToo expensive. For so many students in the same room, you can hire a personal tutor that will give you much more knowledge. Think about it! They don\'t teach you anything about the latest technologies that you can\'t find online.\xa0\nWhen I graduated and I continued learning on my own for 7 months and I finally got my first paid project. I realized that I was not taught anything that is very important nowadays like responsive design, ADA compliance, how to work with developers, and technical tools that are vital to successfully performing a job.\nPortfolio. Yes, they promise you will have 3 projects in your portfolio that will help you to find a job. Guess what - 25 students will have almost the same portfolio and will be at the same time on the market along with at least half the students from the previous class hunting with the same techniques. You will look like another newbie for recruiters and now there are too many of them. Also, they don\'t help you with portfolio, they only show you other people\'s portfolios and you will only have 1 project when you graduate, so everything else will happen after.\xa0\nFinally, I got my job, because 7 months I spent learning, reading books, practicing tools. Submitting 250 applications didn\'t do anything. I got my job because I learned and tried a different approach, which was not networking. Save your money for rent and food while you will be self-teaching instead of paying a company that produces the same graduates over and over so they can make money. You\'re already considering changing career, you\'re already strong enough to do it, you don\'t need to get stuck with a loan like I did and realize what a mistake GA was.This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took the 10 week, part-time Product Management course in Washington, DC.\xa0 \xa0 I enjoyed the course content and engagement from the instructor on the themes and content provided with the course. \xa0 I think this course gives students from a variety of professional backgrounds, technical and non-technical, the content necessary to figure out a way forward with a career in product management with topics on how to define a product idea, market research, setting objectives, understanding feature development and prioritization, etc.\xa0 \xa0I truly recommend this General Assembly course offering, but I also encourage anyone taking the course to put in the effort to network with classmates, attend office hours with the instructor, and continue to read about the product management domain outside of the course in order to bolster the experience. \xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA is pretty much a lie. They will show you statistics saying 95% of graduates get jobs 6 months after graduating, that might be true, but these jobs are not in tech. Only 2 of the 20 people in my course have coding jobs as far as I can tell and I stay in touch with 5 of my classmates.\xa0Instruction was done more through zoom chat than in person (and this was pre-covid). Save your $14K and watch youtube videos, you\'ll be richer and better off.\xa0The straw that broke the camel\'s back was the overall unavailability of my instructor during the last 3 weeks of the course. We were expected to make final projects for a teacher who WAS NOT THERE!!This Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., The part-time Data Analytics program at General Assembly gives students a deeper dive into data analytics using tools such as Excel, SQL, and Tableau.\xa0I enrolled in the Data Analytics part-time course at General Assembly\'s Boston location. The instructor and TA were incredibly approachable, and the enrollment process was seamless. One qualm I had was the instructor could have had better public speaking skills; the instructor spoke very softly and did not seem confident at times in the subject matter. The TA did a better job, in my opinion, of presenting the information. The GA platform was also very easy to use, and I was able to access my coursework/projects with no issues. I also enjoyed having a Slack group to communicate with the instructor/TA and peers. This came in very handy when we were working on group projects.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly was a great way to get your foot in the door in the UX world. I felt as though my class was extremely close and supportive. The environment itself was awesome, fast-paced, and innovative. However, be prepared to be job searching for a long time afterward. It is rare that my classmates have landed a job--even 4 months after the program. This is partly due to COVID-19, as well as some employers not understanding the value of GA education. I felt as though there could have been more emphasis on UI, networking, and creating case studies. The career coaching is awesome as well but you really have to be a self-starter and cannot rely on anyone to do the hard work for you. Most of my classmates have landed either internships or short term contract work--but every start is a good start! Overall, it was a really good experience and a really great way to meet other people wanting to get into UX.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the Product Management class in spring of 2019 at General Assembly\'s San Francisco campus. The course was comprehensive and the instructor was knowledgeable. I enjoyed being able to learn what I applied in class to a project that I completed and presented at the end of the course. Additionally, the GA SF campus facilities were incredible and the staff was very friendly.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Great school, great environment to learn, great instructors and the process to apply was as easy as 123. The G.A staff are very supportive and informative. They make sure that you understand every step of the enrollment process and continue that support after completion.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I really enjoyed each stage of the Product Management Course (Part-time) I completed in Sydney. I\'m very happy with the outcome and all the content presented since how to define a product idea, validation, find customers and competitors until we already push it to the marketplace, besides that the class about how to get a job and how to improve the resume + understand job titles + salary etc was very valuable.I truly recommend GA and likely will come back for a new course.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have almost 10 years of full-time design experience, but I wanted to make sure I was going to be successful in my move to user experience design. For me, there was some information I already knew but there was a lot of new content, which is what I expected. The new content flowed like water from a fire hose and the days were long, but what can you expect from an "immersive boot camp" after all? The new software was really easy for me to pick up, but if you aren\'t quick to pick up new design software or haven\'t used any design software before, you may have more of a learning curve.\xa0I looked at several boot camp options, including General Assembly, Bloc.io, CareerFoundary, and a boot camp the turns out to just partner with big-name schools (but doesn\'t actually have any connection to the schools or the alumni networks). I investigated them myself and interviewed people in my LinkedIn network who had done one of them. I decided on General Assembly because of the success that their graduates had versus the other boot camp graduates. I recommend doing your research and deciding based on that, but if you want to work with other people in hands-on teams (outside of COVID-19) I can\'t recommend General Assembly enough.\xa0There are definitely cost differences, but I wasn\'t willing to spend a big chunk of money, even if it was less than GA, if the content and results weren\'t going to be worth it. $5,000 might seem like a safer bet, but if it turns out to be a waste of time, it is also a waste of $5,000.\xa0No matter what you choose, it is on you to make the most of it. Don\'t just phone it in. You need to commit the time and effort—you get what you give to the course. It will be hard work but it will also be worth it.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took this course from June to August of last year. I received my certificate of what I assumed to be a somewhat challenging but realistic journey to employment. Professor Kiri and Victor were great! They\'ve been available for critiques and references. I have no issues with them at all; however, I do not take the online course with the expectations of getting hired after. I came from a completely different industry (which they encourage), but I was not expecting it to be like this. In the Immersive program, the professors have time to go over what to expect on your application journey. Online...we covered what to expect after class was over for about 30 minutes. They do not tell you what to look add to your portfolio, nor do they help you find jobs. I was also told that I would be notified of different groups in my area for UX. I was not. I know I sound like a bitter person, in which I would agree, but please be aware of this when you agree to do the online program. I have responsibilities as an adult, so I cannot just quit my job to move to a completely different city. If I had family there, then maybe, but this experience after completing the course has been brutal and very discouraging, to say the least. Very dissatisfied bt this whole experience. If I could get a refund...I would! DO NOT GO FOR THE SHORTER COURSES! Take your time, do the 6+ months.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Everything was great about this course.\xa0 Instructors were knowledgable.\xa0 Curricula and structure were brilliant.\xa0 The experience led to deep bonds between myself and others.\xa0 I have been in the industry for 20 years and decided to brush up my skills.\xa0 I learned a ton.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I absolutely made the best decision to join General Assembly\'s UXDI immersive, in person, 10 week course.\xa0 I entertained a handful of coding bootcamps over the year, and everything seamlessly fell into place when I decided on the UX path.\xa0 The admin were extremely helpful & transparent during the onboarding process. My instructor was beyond incredible. He had energy, enthusiasm and honesty throughout the course.\xa0 This is a tough course in terms of hours and dedication needed. The staff was clear about this, and offered lots of support to get everyone through the course.\xa0 I couldn\'t wait to come to class everyday and was excited to mingle with the other cohorts and build relationships with the data scientists and developers ( I highly recommend this). I will miss being at GA every day, but I am well prepared for the future.\xa0 Outcomes was amazing as well. Our instructor prepared us to present ourselves in an authentic way and prepped us well for interviews.\xa0 GA also provided plenty of social events and industry specific meetups.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Fantastic program. Make sure you do your research before coming into he program, though - we had some classmates who thought the curriculum would get more into data science and cyber security, which is definitely not the purpose of this program. That being said, if you\'re looking to get experience (using templates) in front end web development and designing api\'s, this is an excellent course. It\'s important to remember that, at the end of the program, you\'re not supposed to be a programming hero - you are going from 0 to 1, and you\'re at a place where you are teachable and attractive for an entry-level, junior developer position.That all said, the community at GA is super tight. The instructors are driven, the staff is warm and reliable, and the job-seeking support is unreal. I really enjoyed my time, felt like I learned not just a set of skills but also how to openly approach new problems and languages, and got my money\'s-worth in terms of being prepared to enter the workforce after the class. I really can\'t speak highly enough about the staff and instructors. Be prepared to drink some community kool-aid, but if you can embrace the validation-forward atmosphere, it\'ll be a phenomenal experience.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The GA syllabus is through and keenly focused on the needs to the modern software engineer industry. The instructors are knowledgable and have a wealth of expertise. But the program also works hard to build a supportive community between and among its students and staff that helped me unlock my potential to a far greater degree.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I am so glad that I decided to go to GA as a newcomer to coding. Not only did I learn a lot about web development, but I also built a really good foundation to learn more about coding. It\'s definitely not easy, and you\'re going to live and breathe code for 3 months, but it\'s well worth it.\xa0\nMy favorite aspect of GA is definitely the community. There\'s a strong network of GA grads/staff/students in Boston, and they\'re all genuinely supportive of you as a person. Even now, when I\'ve graduated GA, I still get to go into the space and do work and drink free coffee (always a plus :)\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The GA UXDI program was a project based, full time experiene. I was immersied in the world of UX with great instructors that organized projects for students with Boston based clients. Thorughout the program I was connected witha career coach who has supported me throughout the job search post-graduation.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I attended the GA Data Science Immersive in London in 2019. I will of course only relate my experience at this particular GA course in London, and I have no experience as to how it is conducted elsewhere. First of all, I would like to state that I thoroughly enjoyed the course, and the instructor (Christoph) was fantastic. It\xa0suited my purposes\xa0well, and was what\xa0 expected when I enrolled in it. That said, I can see why the course might not be for everyone given the not insignificant cost involved (fees and likely need to quit your job to attend the full-time program), which leads to my second point.\nSecond, the course in my view best suits two types of people: 1) those who are familiar with statistics through multivariate linear regression, or 2) those\xa0who are familiar with intermediate Python coding, for\xa0example\xa0"zip", "enumerate", basic OOP etc. The reason for this is because the intensive nature of the course means that it would be extremely challenging for a person with neither good statistics nor Python familiarity to take full advantage of what the course offers. You would not be "getting your money\'s worth" in that case, in my opinion.\nThe course is very intensive, with lectures and in-class exercises\xa09.00-12.30, then continuing through the afternoon\xa01.30-5.00pm. On top of this are four homework "projects" and one final "capstone project" over the 12-week period of the course. The participants are encouraged to help each other, and indeed this was my experience.\xa0\nIn terms of the content of the course, be aware that it is more geared towards the (Python) coding aspect of data science, than the statistics concepts/theory aspects. In that sense it is a very coding\xa0applied data science course. For those coming in with computer programming knowledge (as explained above), you would have the time/space\xa0to self-study to grasp the statistics aspects of the subjects covered.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Attended this course as a company sponsor. must say this was great, intense,practical and comprhensive.\nliked\xa0the course structure, homeworks/exercises, team activities, course material and references and also the clack channel to communicate with fellow students/instructors or even alumni.\nonly thing i\xa0felt it was more a start-up/small scale oriented in a few instances. will be good hif there were more examples are from large size organisations scenarios.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', "[I made the switch to product design after contemplating the career move for a couple years. I was nervous about making a change, and put it off until I exhausted all other options. I completed the full-time UX design immersive course because I wanted to get more formal training and experience in the field, in a short time frame.\xa0\nPros: GA stood out to me because of the timeframe (only 10 weeks!) and career coaching (which is amazing). I had also been to a few of their events and shorter bootcamps and enjoyed those. Having an in-person experience was important to me because UX design is so collaborative, you're working with tons of people and different teams, so an added bonus was the diversity of our class and learning how to work with a lot of different people. I think the class was super practical and hands-on, we started doing real UX work day 2. The main instructor was amazing, I don't think I would have had as much success if she wasn't the instructor.\xa0\nCons: I would have liked more focus on the engineering collaboration with design, since handing off and working with engineers is such a huge component of a UX or Product Designer's day-to-day. I think we did a pretty good job covering the basics and most important methods and tools, but in the short time frame we didn't get to develop a super large toolbox.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., First off, registration is relatively easy. Via email and eventually on a call with a counselor, unless there is a word they otherwise prefer, who was friendly, encouraging, and knowledgable. Further email communications were responsive and efficient enough.\nStarting the course: I was a little nervous, since I hadn't done any real continuing education in quite a while, but from the first class I felt like had settled right in and would have a lot of fun learning again. Our instructor was (is!) smart, fun, energetic, and open to any and all interruptions and questions in the spirit of a reasonably free-flowing learning environment.\nOverall, the material was organized and delivered at what I think was a proper pace: ideas building on previous lessons, never jumping too far ahead, and each new point related to the previous work. Round about the midway point I started to get overwhelmed, which is natural from time to time, and my instructor read that immediately and assured me that I was doing fine. In fact, we were reminded from the beginning that our learning would not necessarily be a linear thing and that was to be expected.\nBy the end, I'd met my stated goals for the 10 week bootcamp-style course and am happy with the results. I even made 5 new friends (it was a small class this time around!) and we got a lot done.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., staff was great especially teaching assistant. However, duration was too short.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have been in graphic/visual design for 8+ years of my career. I know the ins and outs of it and I know I'm pretty good at it. However, I knew I wanted to pivot my career. I was tired of being a pixel pusher, and I wanted a bit of a change. UX really is the future, and so after a lot of conversations and preparation, I decided to register for the parttime UX Design course. It took place every Tuesday and Thursday evening, from 6:30 - 8:30 PM, for 3 months.\xa0\nLuckily, I live in Midtown so the commute wasn't the worst, but traffic absolutely sucks when you're in a rush to go right after work. I work until 6 PM, so I definitely had to move it. Luckily, I was late maybe once the entire time. It was an easy commute otherwise.\nThe course itself was laid out very well. I will sincerely say, I enjoyed my experience with the General Assembly. I learned SO MANY new things over the three months, but it also allowed me to pinpoint areas in my career where I've already used UX principles without realizing it. You basically start from the very beginning of the process, all the way to the very end: problem statements, user interviews and personas, competitive analysis, user flows and sitemaps, wireframes, and prototypes. I would say 2/3 of the time, you're learning more about the UX research principles, and 1 month is dedicated more to the actual design process, such as wireframing and prototypes. One of the biggest benefits for me was learning how to take the data from interviews and user testing and actually apply it to my product. You learn that with UX design, the design strategies you start to implement, are data-driven and done for a reason, and not just because someone tells you to do it a certain way.\xa0\nOur instructor was very well prepared and did a great job making sure we understood what she was teaching each evening. But she was more than just an instructor. She was our friend and our mentor. I lacked confidence and second-guessed my abilities, but she helped push and challenge me the entire time. In the end, she also pushed me to be more confident in my skills. She was definitely a driving factor to my excitement to take the course.\xa0\nBe warned, the three months isn't easy. What I mean by that is it's a commitment. Some days you absolutely won't want to go to class, but you're paying to learn a wide range of skills that will benefit you in the long run. There were days that I had to drag myself to go. But I'm glad I did. I learned something new in every class. I also made some connections that I wouldn't have made otherwise.\nThe biggest and only real negative is that as a part-time student, you do not get help with job placement or networking. Sure, General Assembly looks great on your LinkedIn, but that's sort of the extent of what you get besides a completion certificate. If you're absolutely brand new to UX or design, and you're looking to make it your career after completion, I would actually recommend maybe considering the full-time immersive program. They give you far more portfolio pieces in the end (3 to 5 versus just 1 in the part-time), and they do their best to help with job placement. I was really lucky that as a graphic designer, I was able to tweak some of my work to speak to the UX of a given project. Others may not have been as lucky.\nCostwise, it wasn't cheap either. The part-time program costs just under $4,000. They do offer some payment plans, which helped a lot. I don't think anyone can just drop that kind of money in one swoop. So it's not cheap, but I genuinely think you do get the value out of it.\xa0\nDo I recommend the part-time program? Absolutely. If you have a job that you're not ready to give up yet, definitely consider the part-time course. I would not have learned as much as I did, or taken it as seriously if I had taken the online course. I, unfortunately, do not know anyone who has taken the online course, but I do know some who have taken the full-time course, and they got out of it exactly what they were wanting. I got out of the part-time course, exactly what I wanted too.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have taken both the Front End Web Development and Javascript classes at the DTLA campus, with the goal of improving my skills for work. In both cases what I learned was from professionals active in the industry and the knowledge I obtained was immediately useful in my work environment. So I know that the promise of learning current, relevant information is absolutely true.  Both classes I took were the part-time evening classes (twice a week, 3 hours per night for 10 weeks...plus homework).  Even though the classes were part time, I learned quite a bit.  In the Javascript development class, some programming knowledge plus html and css experience really helped.  This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the Data Analytics course with GA in the Summer of 2018, and loved it.\xa0I had already had quite a bit of Excel experience before I took the course, so I was a bit nervous that it would be repetitive -\xa0it wasn't. We dove into Excel much deeper than I had before, which provided an immediate boost\xa0at my current role. Then we learned SQL and Tableau and other ways to communicate and visualize data. Lots of hands on practice in class as well as homework in class. I now\xa0feel my confident in my ability using data tools, and know what I hope to learn from here. Thanks GA!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly is an extremely welcoming and supportive environment. The frontlines staff is incredibly warm, friendly, and helpful. And the job support is so so useful and helpful.\nAs for the Web Development Immersive, I have so many good things to say about that program and the people who taught me.\nJustin is an amazing teacher. He is skilled, compassionate, challenging, fun, supportive & encouraging. He is a rare combination and I feel very lucky and grateful to have had the experience of taking a class from him. I thank him for creating a welcoming, judgement-free, and silly classroom that allowed for great personal growth and learning.\nDalton was such a huge help throughout this entire process. He was always ready, willing, and happy to help in any way he could. When he taught us subject matter, he always presented material in a very clear, concise way.\xa0\nThese instructors and the staff/space at General Assembly made my experience what is was. I highly recommend visiting for yourself - meeting your teacher and getting a sense for the place and the people. I think it's what makes General Assembly stand out above the other options in the bay area.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA gave me the most valuable experience for what user experience design is all about, not only with the coursework, but with the instructors (who went out of their way to be there for us) and the wonderful cohort that I learned so much from.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly's UX Design Immersive program was awesome. It was intense with a large workload. Do not go into this program thinking you will be able to have another job or have many other obligations. The bottom line in this program is you get out of it what you put into it, so if you are serious, this experience will be invaluable.\nI know other cohorts have had awesome teachers as well but Imani and Shalom were amazing instructors. They have become some\xa0of the best teachers I have ever had. They bring to the UX classroom a passion for relevant issues and topics that make everyone around them see how UX can and should be applied to all areas of life. I feel lucky to have been taught by Imani and Shalom. The people in my class are also amazing and helped harbor an open environment where everyone felt comfortable giving and receiving feedback, which is an essential skill when working in the real world.\nCannot say enough good things about this program and school. Remember, if you are considering ANY boot camp\xa0do not go into it thinking a job will be handed to you, or that there will be someone there to hold your hand at all times. UX is about solving problems and you have to have the drive to do so. Like\xa0any\xa0school, this program will give you the tools to succeed if you are willing to put in the work.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I'll start with the result - I finished a 3 month Web Development immerasive course in the Santa Monica Campus in April 2018. After following the recommendations and advice of the GA 'outcomes' team I had 3 offers by the end of May.\xa0\nThe course was intensive - many of us were new to programming, switching careers and required a lot of study. One thing that I underestimated was how much I had to prepare BEFORE I started the course. One recommendation to all considering this program is to do some self learning beforehand. GA has wonderful tools to get you started. Their pre-work is awesome in itself to get you familiarized with HTML and CSS. Looking back, I would've been more confident at the end of the course had I focussed on learning javascript prior to starting.\xa0\nGA is very invested in its students not just during the course but after too.The outcomes team is excellent and following their methods landed me in a good spot. They also have a yearly (I think) 'reverse career fair' event where you present your work in a fair sort of setting and companies are invited to talk to you. This is what got me 2 of the 4 interviews I had.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly's Web Development Bootcamp in San Francisco was a very positive experience for me. I had Brock and Kenny as my instructors, and they were excellent. If I ever approached either of them with a problem, they wouldn't settle until they figured it out, and were always patient and supportive. You have to put in the work though, because they want to see that you are putting in a effort to figure out the issue yourself.\nI self studied for about 8 months prior to starting the course, and I feel that this really prepared me for the intensity of the immersive. I had the luxury of studying part-time while I was still in college getting my degree in\xa0Biology, and I had realized I wanted to switch careers before graduating.\nIn all honesty, the course will be rough if you come in with no experience, but it is definitely doable and shouldn't determine whether you choose to do it or not. Learning something new everyday and applying it is no easy feat, and immersing yourself into web development before the course will definitely help you. You also have to realize that your learning doesn't stop once the course concludes either. Software development is a constant learning process, to quote my instructor Kenny, you have to ABC. (Always Be Coding).\nMy career coach Jonathan was also very supportive and really helped me succeed at General Assembly. He gave me great career insights throughout the whole program, and he really takes his time with each student to understand their background and interests, giving each student unique advice on how they should conduct their job search. He was also great at helping everyone develop the soft skills necessary to be successful during meet ups, phone screens, and interviews.\nI accepted an entry level Front End Developer position before I graduated the immersive, and couldn't have done it without the support of my instructors and career coach. General Assembly's program is great, but you also need to put in a massive amount of work to be successful. I sacrificed a ton of free time to learn this stuff before attending the program, so if I have one piece of advice for people on the fence about a bootcamp in general it's this: if you can survive 4+ months of self study for atleast 2 hours a day, and still have the drive to attend a program like this, do it 100%, it will really accelerate your learning process and you will succeed if you put in the work!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., To start - with any boot camp you do, what you get out of it is what you put into it. Most of these courses will have pros and cons, which you have to weigh before you choose one. But you absolutely have to put in the work or you won’t get as much out of it. Also - prepare yourself for what you’re getting into, read this.\nGeneral Assembly’s full-time UX course is the only full-time in-person course that I know of in the L.A. area. It is also the most expensive option that I am aware of.\nBut, since I could live with my parents if I stayed in Los Angeles, and wanted to do in-person because online learning isn’t a great option for me, and didn’t want a course that would take 6+ months to complete, and taking into consideration that I would likely end up working in Los Angeles, I went with GA.\n\xa0\nPROS:\nProfessor: My professor, Gerrit, was awesome. He explained complex issues really well, was relaxed and calm in his demeanor, provided helpful feedback, and was always honest and transparent. He brought in explanations and rationales based on personal experience and was originally a graphic designer, which was nice since that is part of my background.\nClassmates: I loved that I was in an in-person program. My class was about 17 students, which at times felt like a lot, but I am ultimately grateful because I enjoyed the groups I was in, loved meeting and learning with new people, and overall was honored to be surrounded by people from such a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences, and ages. I enjoy surrounding myself with those who are different than me so I am continuously challenged.\nJob Support: While I just finished the program last week, I’ve enjoyed the openness and support from our Career Coach. He’s easy-going, readily available, easily reachable, and pushes you to utilize him for help. He helps with interview prep, portfolio, and cover letter review, and you can go to him for pretty much anything and if he can’t specifically help, he’ll go out of his way to find someone who can, which is amazing.\nGroup projects and portfolio pieces: I also chose an in-person course so I could work on projects with a team since that is how it likely is in a job. I enjoyed my teammates and I gained valuable experience in learning how to balance personalities and differences of opinion. We got to work with a real client as our last project which is great as well since the other two are spec projects. One project is also solely focused on your portfolio, and GA puts a lot of emphasis on trying to make you as career ready as possible.\n\xa0\nCONS:\nCoding/Development: The primary gripe I have but didn’t negatively impact my experience, is that we don’t work on projects with developers. I don’t know if that is something other schools do, but it would be smart to pair up UX students with someone from the web development classes to work on a\xa0 project together. Designers have to work with developers in a professional setting, so it’s great practice to do that in a school setting.\nThe course also didn’t cover any coding basics, but they give you $500 towards their courses, and you can take night classes and all day weekend classes to learn some basics, which is what I did. You can also do that for visual design, job prep and more. So I don’t see that as much of a negative, but some might.\nPrice: GA is definitely the most expensive school I looked into, which means my loan is bigger, but the school could use to be a few grand cheaper. Here’s to hoping I just get high paying job!\nAdmissions variations: While I naturally get neurotic when making major decisions so I spent weeks, sometimes even months, doing research on programs and UX in general before I chose this program. But many students don’t necessarily do that. Some students in my class were told different things by different admissions people, and there really needs to be consistency so all students are coming in equally prepared. For example, if students don’t have any visual design experience, they should be prepared for what they will need and spend time learning. Or if students want to work while doing a full-time program, they should be heavily warned against it - not casually warned against it.\nInteraction design: We didn’t spend too much time on learning the nitty-gritty of this, which,\xa0in a sense, makes sense since it’s only an 11-week course and UX is a massive discipline with many verticals. But a quick project on it would have been nice.\n\xa0\nLAST THOUGHTS\nAgain - I spent a lot of time preparing myself for this course mentally and financially. I watched YouTube videos, read Medium articles, talked to folks who took the course before, and really made sure its was the right fit and the right decision. I come from a graphic design and marketing background, which was incredibly useful. So take what I am saying with a grain of salt.\n\xa0\nSome students in my class came from wildly different backgrounds, like acting, music and finance. If you feel like you need to take a few brief courses in things like visual design or the like to prep, it’s incredibly useful and just makes it so you won’t fall behind.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", '[I had an incredible experience in David Bickham\'s 1-week Data Analytics course. This course had the same curriculum as the full 10-week course and I loved being able to get so much content in that 1-week structure. David was an incredible instuctor who brought so many real world examples into the course. He made sure every single student was truly comprehending the course work. We had a nice small class size and it was really fun to get to see everyone\'s final projects because we really learned a ton. I used a data set from my work and was actually able to use my final project for my job. I highly recomment taking the Data Analytics course and was really happy with the depth of the curriculum and the instruction. Being a block from the beach was a pretty amazing location also.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The Web Development Immersive at General Assembly was a wonderful experience. The curriculum was challenging but very rewarding. The environment and support I received was the best. The instructors really challenged me to get out my comfort zone, while providing great advice. The camaraderie built with my classmates and teacher is one of the few surprises. I still keep in contact with all of them and we still lean on each other for help. This class is worth it and a great way to jump start your career in tech.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I was a journalist feeling unfulfilled in many areas of the profession and decided I needed a new passion to pursue. When I decided I wanted to go after web development, I got recommended GA and got a good vibe for what the full-time program offered. I quit my job and pulled the trigger and got introduced to some of the most challenging moments of my life but also some of the most dedicated instructors I have ever met.\nGeneral Assembly gives you the resources to transform your life, but you have to put the work in. There are going to be some pretty frustrating moments, and you might have to be in the classroom from 9 to 9 to grasps the new concepts and get your work done, but it\'s worth it.Â\xa0\nIt definitely helps to start teaching yourself how to code before you sign up for the bootcamp. I would not recommend signing up with literally zero coding experience, that\'s just not prudent. It\'s a huge investment so you should prepare yourself as best as possible and be ready to put your "life" on hold for 12 weeks. You have to live at GA if you wanna succeed, at least if you were like me and were making this 180-degree change.\nGood luck!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The curriculum that GA has for Python is very flawed.Â\xa0 It was filled with errors and typos, and there is no homework.Â\xa0 Its basically a powerpoint presentation, and a very thin one at that.Â\xa0 There is a lab that asks you to do things that were not covered in class.Â\xa0 I did a free course on Kaggle that had far superior written content and actually had written homework.Â\xa0 I complained in a nice manner about all of this, and the result was the typos on the powerpoint were corrected, but no homework was ever given.Â\xa0 The instructors were great, very nice, talented and caring.Â\xa0 But there advice to me was to direct me to free materials on-line.Â\xa0 So they were aware that people needed better source material and homework.Â\xa0 I also heard this feedback from almost everyone I spoke to in the class (about 25%).Â\xa0 Note many participants have the class paid for by their company, so they are not as interested in the value they are receiving.Â\xa0 But if you have to pay the tuition yourself, you will realize its a total waste of money.Â\xa0 Please don\'t take this class.Â\xa0 Â\xa0The GA feedback person was very pleasant but nothing changed.Â\xa0 The school is most interested in making money, do not be fooled.Â\xa0 Â\xa0For Python you are better off doing an on-line course.Â\xa0 (I also reviewed the curriculum with an NYU student and several python coders I work with, and they also agreed the course was not created correctly). I hate to leave a bad review, but I want others to avoid paying for something that is a rip off.Â\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The part-time data science course was a fantastic crash course in data science with Python.Â\xa0 Ben did an amazing job taking us through all of the different parts of the machine learning process (after reviewing the Python basics to get us ready to work through all of it), and we then were able to get the practical experience of putting together our own projects and presenting them in front of the class, which was invaluable.Â\xa0 The course was structured very well, as each bit of information built on top of the last.Â\xa0 I would happily recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn data science and can\'t commit to a boot camp!Â\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., For the amount I paid for this course, I definitely feel scammed. I have to say I could have learned elsewhere for free or for much less. The promise they make of assisting you to get a job after finishing the course is a complete sham. I followed every single step the outcomes team tells you and 5 months later, no jobs. They don\'t teach you how to think like a programmer they just teach you how to copy and paste and that will not get you a job. If you are thinking about joining General Assembly. DO NOT do it. You\'re better off taking Udemy classes (I\'ve learned more with udemy that with GA) and use the money to pay for your own living expenses for 3 months and learn on your own.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Data ScienceThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I was really pleased with the pacing and content of the class. I feel like I was able to get a solid overview of practical UX theory and application, and through the class I made a working prototype of a project I\'d built and tested.\nThe remote aspect wasn\'t an impediment at all-- the class used a clever combination of video conferencing and Slack to create a very communal environment.Â\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I stumbled across coding during myÂ\xa0BiologyÂ\xa0degree,Â\xa0quicklyÂ\xa0decidingÂ\xa0that playing in Python was farÂ\xa0more fun than looking down aÂ\xa0microscope. On graduatingÂ\xa0I hung up my white labÂ\xa0coat and applied to GA, choosing the Data Science Immersive programme forÂ\xa0its analytical and statistical focus.Â\xa0\nÂ\xa0\nThe bootcamp-style greatlyÂ\xa0appealed to me overÂ\xa0a year-long masters; with the goal of entering the industryÂ\xa0it seemed logicalÂ\xa0to concentrateÂ\xa0onÂ\xa0theÂ\xa0skills directly requiredÂ\xa0for myÂ\xa0career. TheÂ\xa0GAÂ\xa0mantra of eat-sleep-breathe-code just works:Â\xa0like any language, the best way to learn is by immersing yourself in it. Being able to discuss projectsÂ\xa0with peers and receiving constant feedback from industry professionals also meansÂ\xa0that you learnÂ\xa0at a much faster pace than if you wereÂ\xa0battling itÂ\xa0alone.Â\xa0\nÂ\xa0\nI came out of GA knowing how to brand myself as a data scientistÂ\xa0for the kind of company I\'d like to attract, and I\'m delighted to say it worked. I amÂ\xa0now atÂ\xa0a machine learning startup: it\'s challenging, cutting-edge, rewardingÂ\xa0and fun. Incredibly grateful to be where I am.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The course at GA in London was brilliant, i cant believe the amount i learnt and what i was able to produce within the week. The campus was really inviting and the teaching team were obviously passionate about their subject and taught in a really considered way. What I loved was that all through the course I felt like i was being taught all really practical skills, very real world. The environment within class was friendly and collaborative which furthered the enjoyment of learning. I would highly recommend this course, and would suggest you put this first for the week you are there as thats the best way to get the most out of it. I left the course feeling a lot more confident and really productive about my future and my abilities.Â\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The Good: Curriculum was broad enough to get a great taste of Data Science methods and deep enough to make you conversive in key concepts. And if you plan your capstone correctly, you get to go a little deeper into specific methods that interest you. In the end, I was able to leverageÂ\xa0the combination of my experience and the tools learned at GAÂ\xa0to land theÂ\xa0job I wanted.\nThe Bad: Instructional method wasÂ\xa0heavily dependent on virtual classroom, with too little in-classroomÂ\xa0support. Local instructor should have been more involved and coordinated with virtual instructors. Regarding the two primary instructors,Â\xa0one was really good at keeping the class engaged through Slack, but the other was not. Most of my cohort had a clear preference and learned a lot more from the more engaged instructor. Having said that, the course materials are generally excellent and sufficiently detailed to make up for any instructor concerns - I learned a lot from the notebooks provided.\nI really liked the Job Assistance that was givenÂ\xa0throughout the course. They offered the right level of input for updating your resume/LinkedIn/portfolio/etc.Â\xa0in order to present the right story to potential employers. My LinkedIn profile was key to me landing the job after graduation, though I have to admit it took longer than expected. The Outcomes teamÂ\xa0also provided severalÂ\xa0good leads, a couple of which I got pretty far with.\nÂ\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., The excellent teachers and great facilities were just a small part of the fun and intense time at GA iâ€™ve Had over the past 3 months. Coming to GA after a year spent researching, I just Â\xa0wish iâ€™d come here much earlier to begin my transition to become a confident and versatile UX Designer. Â\xa0Thanks GA ðŸ¤—ðŸ¤—ðŸ¤—\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', "[This course was very in-depth and detailed. I was already familiar with UX in my career but this was a great refresher course with new tips and tricks. And ultimately the camaraderie of classmates for feedback and testing plus the opportunity to expand your network are always worth it. The staff were super friendly, helpful, and cool. They were true teachers in every sense of the word. I highly recommend this course as well as this school to anyone interested in personal and career development.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., It was such a great expirience going to GA, I absolutely loved it! GA not only gives you knowledge but it also feels like work experience. All tasks and problem solvings are very job related. Instructors and staff are friendly, professional and responsive. If I could i would go back there again! Thanx GA!)))\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I had an overall positive experience in the course. \xa0The teachers were always willing to help, and were engaging in class. \xa0\nI was left feeling like I still didn’t understand all of the concepts, and often assignments felt rushed, but that’s just part of doing the part-time class I guess.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I really enjoyed the course and environment at GA. I the only issue that occured was that we lost our instructor and outcomes coach with in two weeks of each other. The TA was great. I have already recommended the course and school to others.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This course covers a wide breadth of areas in data science in a 2-month time span. I hardly had any experience with Python prior to this course. It was a bit fast-paced. But, I think the challenge was very important for me to start my Python development with a boost. I believe that the course accomodates to Python beginners and those who are more advanced. There is always an opportunity to grow. The instructors provide alot of material inside and outside of class. Also, you'll have plenty of references to utilize while you cultivate your Python skills after the course is completed.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I attended General Assembly's User Experience Design Immersive program from December 2017-February 2018. The instructor was extremely knowledgeable and helpful with a rich background in the field. Best practices are tought over 5 projects of varied length and subject matter.\xa0 Like all boot camps, General Assembly is what you make of it. Their campus is open all day long (every day except Sunday in Boston), and staff are always happy to help you understand and practice your new skills. A (minimum) cursory understanding of the scientific method or research methods is my recommendation to help you make the most of this enormous amount of information. Understanding of cognitive biases is also a plus. Design background will help a lot, but if you don't have any, you can start with youtube tutorials and GA will take you the rest of the way.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., The User Experience Design Immersive Program is a full-time 10 week 40+ hours/week course. We cover a variety of UX topics and skills while completing a total of 5 projects. We take 3 of those projects and build case studies that we then use in our portfolios. Our portfolios are a mandatory part of the course, and are websites that build during the program. Our capstone project is with a real client in the Denver area.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly offers professional education in a community-based setting that is both rigorous and supportive. The coursework is ambitious and\xa0requires students to build teamwork skills as they develop their career skills. At every turn I was impressed with General Assembly. Its reputation as a top-tier bootcamp is well deserved;\xa0I highly recommend it for anyone who is serious about making a profound difference in\xa0their future!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I made the decision to jump careers and become a developer. I chose General Assembly based on their course curriculum and post-grad career support, and I could not be more pleased with that decision. My time at GA was amazing, the instructors took complex topics and presented them in a very easily understandable manner, and it fosters a great environment for learning and growth. When I look back on what I learned in the 12-week WDI program I'm amazed at what I was able to learn and do, and it would not have been possible without instructors who care and a curriculum designed to optimize what you learn and do.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Only after I went through the process of signing up for information and submitting all my contact info did they tell me that the course advertised it no available at the site I requested.\xa0\nCall and talk to them before you waste your time.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I decided to do General Assembly after several failed attempts to teach myself programming. I tried reading books—they were usually out of date by the time I was trying to program against them and resulted in a lot of unnecessary and confusing bugs. I tried signing up for free MOOCs and even paid online courses—I always ended up dropping them after the first evening because I got busy with life and didn’t have anyone holding me accountable. Finally, I found General Assembly - Denver —I had the desire to learn, but they expected me to show up every day and work hard to master this stuff, and it made all the difference.\nThanks to 2 fantastic teachers who believed in me, got me excited about working in technology, and helped explain complex JavaScript and web framework concepts piece-by-piece, I mastered the basics of web development in only 3 months!\nOne of the things I appreciated most about the web development course was the scope of the curriculum and how tightly it was aligned to the job search. Before GA, I kept switching around between C# and Python and other languages based on friend’s recommendations, and never got any traction on any of them because I didn’t know what employers were really looking for. GA is very focused on web languages and frameworks and there are a LOT of employers looking for those skills. I was surprised how many web development roles there were once I started looking.\nThe other thing I really liked about GA’s curriculum was the emphasis on projects. Sure, we had daily homework and lessons, but they were all aimed towards helping us succeed during the next project. And we could make whatever we wanted—it was super exciting and motivating to have that level of freedom during school.\nGA’s #1 priority as a school is to help you land a job at the end. They talk about it when you apply, they talk about it every week during school, and you have constant access to a career coach during your job search. Before you graduate, you’ve taken a professional headshot, targeted your resume, updated your LinkedIn profile, and developed a personal portfolio site that highlights your 4 projects from school. Those tools, combined with some additional networking, interviewing and negotiating salary sessions with my career coach, helped me land a fantastic first gig within 4 months of graduating! And it wasn’t just me—most of the people in my class landed jobs within 3 months of graduating.\nThe only con I can think of is that Denver is a relatively new campus so they are still working out some of their processes. The good news is that gives you a lot of flexibility to pitch in as a student - I decided to put on a hackathon for alums and was able to make it happen. A more established program would probably have had a lot of red tape getting in the way of innovating like that. Also, even though GA’s Denver campus is relatively new, they have the resources of GA generally and are working hard to develop the alumni community. I’m still in touch with several people who graduated in my cohort, and not only are they good resources for networking and discussing issues we’re facing in the industry, they have also become some of my good friends in town!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I completed the Web Development Immersive course at General Assembly in Atlanta. The course was amazing, and I am very happy with the skills I developed. The instructors were very knowledgeable and obviously cared very deeply about the students' success. I always felt very comfortable on campus, and it is in an interesting part of the city.\xa0\nThe curriculum presented marketable and relevant technologies in a logically progressive way. The curriculum is very flexible and changes to ensure students graduate with full-stack skills employers want.\nThe pace is challenging, and at times seems insurmountable, but the instructors and classmates help you through it all.\nI am very, very glad I attended General Assembly.\nI completed the Web Development Immersive course at General Assembly in Atlanta. The course was amazing, and I am very happy with the skills I developed. The instructors were very knowledgeable and obviously cared very deeply about the students' success. I always felt very comfortable on campus, and it is in an interesting part of the city.\xa0\nThe curriculum presented marketable and relevant technologies in a logically progressive way. The curriculum is very flexible and changes to ensure students graduate with full-stack skills employers want.\nThe pace is challenging, and at times seems insurmountable, but the instructors and classmates help you through it all.\nI am very, very glad I attended General Assembly.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", "[As I was looking into going back to school for web development I had a friend(fellow web dev)\xa0help me pick out schools. We looked at what they offered and ultimatley chose GA. The reason I chose GA was for a few reasons.\n1. They had a great curriculum that was not too long and not too short. A lot of the other schools are 5-7 months and it was hard to justify and be without work for that long. 3 months was the perfect amount.\n2. My web dev friend knew other people who went through the program and found success.\n3. I had 2 personal friends attend GA before me and they both strongly reccommend it.\n\xa0\nThe Instructors were very helpful and explained thing really well. They did have to go fast because it was a lot to cover in 3 months, but they did an amazing job. Zeb and Joe are easy to talk to and really help you get to the answer without giving it away.\xa0\n\xa0\nJob Assistance really turned up when they hired Nicole, She works very hard to make connections and network so that we students have better opportunites when we look for jobs. Nicole has made my resume and cover letters look better than they ever have before. She takes the time to speak to everyone and she never stops working because she wants everyone to succeed. I currently have a job, but I still talk to her weekly to stay in touch and push jobs her way for other students.\xa0\n\nOverall I can't believe how quickly I got up and running in 3 months and was able to secure a job. I could not have done this withou GA. Being in the class room, struggling(in a good way) and learning this world was such a great experience. So many doors have opened up becuase I took the leap to change my carreer. I can't thank GA and the staff enough!\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., quality of the curriculum:\nI took the online JavaScript Circuit. The curriculum covered quite a lot of information in a progressive fashion. The course covers JavaScript, JQuery, APIs and Deployment. The delivery of information in easy to digest chunks of information was very helpful, as were the coding exercises with helpful hints after each section. This new JavaScript knowledge has opened a whole new world to me that works hand in hand with my HTML/CSS, visual design and UX design skills. I would highly recommend the course.\ninstructors:\nThe weekly 1:1 online meetings were very positive. My mentor was extremely helpful. When I had questions and difficulties with the final project, another mentor was very helpful, answering emails promptly and setting up an online meeting to give some assistance.\ncons:\xa0\nI was new to JavaScript and there was so much material presented at once. So, even though I was able to follow and understand the material and the logic most of the way through, by the end of the course it became difficult to be successful with the deployment coding. I ended with a project that is not fully functioning. I just finished the course and I still have some time with email access to mentors, so hopefully this will be resolved.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA give me the skills and confidence to become a Software Engineer at a Fortune 50 company. I started work just 4 weeks after graduating and have been working for 2 years now.\xa0 The best decision I have ever made was to\xa0attend GA.\xa0 The quality\xa0of instruction was best-in-class.\xa0 The facilities are fantastic.\xa0 Job assistance was very helpful in getting graduates in front of hiring managers and recruiters.\xa0 Everyone\xa0in the cohort who applied themselves in the class was quickly\xa0able to find meaningful development work.\xa0 That fact alone demonstrates the high quality of the GA instruction.\xa0 I can't say enough good things about GA.\xa0\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I had a great experience at the 1-week long General Assembly product management intensive.\xa0 I have experience in web development and found that I was learning non-stop during the week-long course, and feel proud of what my team came up with in our final project.\nPerks:\nInstructors (David & Vince) were terrific.\xa0 Not only were they extremely knowledgeable on the topics, but they also were great teachers and had a clear passion for what they were covering.\xa0 They were the best part of the course, by far!\nTeam project environment made the course engaging.\xa0 Everything we were learning applied directly to the project that we were working on.\xa0 Individual assignments were organized in an intelligent way to build up to the finished final project.\nFeedback on work was great.\xa0 David looked through the assignments critically, giving insights on how to improve it and worked personally with our team to improve our work.\nLectures on topics were clearly prepared and covered the topics in depth.\nCons:\nAt my full-time job, I kept some responsibilities and worked over email before & after class and on our lunch breaks.\xa0 Given the course material, homework, and intensity of the course, this was a little overwhelming.\xa0 I would strongly suggest ensuring you have no other responsibilities when taking this week-long intensive.\n\xa0\nOverall the course was great.\xa0 Worth the price of tuition and then some.\xa0 Thanks David & Vince!!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Tools require to explore and analyze data effectivelyThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., The course is intense and rewarding at the same time. 5 projects in 10 weeks, and juggling with lessons, seminars, meetups and schoolwork.\nHowever, I met friends that stayed beyond the end of the course, and valuable knowledge that helped me where I am working now. Also, GA has an excellent network of alumni and coursemates where i can seek help from. GA is also helpful in terms of assisting us with our job search and subsidies.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The material taught is good enough for you to get a job as a junior developer but there is not much coverage on computer science topics.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Completed a 5-week online course. For 5 weeks, it was a good amount of information and learning. Definitely good for beginners looking to learn more about digital marketing. The online course was very flexible and accommodating to my needs as I am a full-timer. I was able to complete units in my own time and 1 on 1 mentor hours were very flexible. Was also able to extend the course for a couple of weeks to ensure I could complete the units properly. Support team was great and the content was insightful.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Excellent class. \xa0I highly recommend this class to anyone who wants to market online. \xa0The one on one sessions after each assignments was very helpful. \xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Great\xa0introductory course to data science and\xa0great material. However, classes were full of slides and\xa0actual practice was about 20% of the course which made it a bit boring. Even tough we talk to the instructor many times about this he refused to chaged his metodology.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Getting the skills required to be a full stack developer could take 6 months to a year. However, enrolling in General Assembly's WDI program allows you to acquire those skills in 3 months. The instructors, fellow students, and campus on GA were top notch and enabled me to be engaged, excited, and learn a vast sum of knowledge with great joy. The cirriculm was upto date with technology in demand, which is no small feat considering how quickly things change, and thorough with students required\xa0to devote everything in order to compherend and master the material teached. As with any bootcamp what you put in is what you will get out, but the help/attention from the instructors and other students made life a little bit easier. I cannot reccomend GA enough.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Very good experience! I felt that all my questions were answered with this course. I was exposed to UX methods, techniques, and procedures. The staff was super friendly and the school had a great atmostphere.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", "[I selected the 1 week intense course in Product Management. I chose this because it aligned with my schedule given the I was working full-time. The class size was small, no more than 12 of us and everyone came from diverse backgrounds. This provided a unique aspect to the class when working together during group projects. Our instructor, Aditi Joshi, was extremely knowledgable about the subjects covered and showed personal interest in our success.\nThe GA facility was an incredible space to learn in during and after class. I found myself spending majority of my time at the facility because I felt more encouraged to get work done. GA's facility, staff, and program was one I am very grateful for having been a part of. I highly recommend taking a course here whether your looking to learn something new, expand on a current skill, or simply want to be surrounded by people looking to better their lives.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I 100% honestly believe if it wasn't for my instructor, Shanu, I wouldn't have enjoyed it as much as I did.\xa0 Even after a long day at work, I still look forward going to class because she outlines the course to be relatable,\xa0 straightforward and engaging. She was flexible when it came to assignments if it was reasonable, she provided honest feedback on our progress and you can see she sincerely cares. Huge shout out to the GA staff in SF too for being accommodating.\xa0\nThe course itself really helped me apply the concepts to my real life projects at my workplace.\xa0 The only pro I can think of was it was a bit challenging using Schoology but that is more of their fault. ;)\nI would definitely recommend GA to any of my family, friends, peers, strangers, pretty much anyone looking to further their education in any of the courses GA offers. It is definitely worth the investment.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA was exactly what I needed, as I was coming off of a bad experience at a graduate program in Los Angeles. I was looking to learn real-world skills, that are relevant to today's work. GA gave me exactly what I was looking for, and then some. I felt like I was becoming more professionally capable every day, I was able to work with talented people, and make great connections. The GA environment allows everyone to help everyone. It is competitive, but it is a friendly competition. I felt that my teachers and staff were more than qualified, and they truly cared about the future of everyone in the class. The way that the course was set up, there was no rest, and I liked that. I signed up and paid for the class because I wanted to push myself and learn, and that is what I was able to do. At GA, you get out what you put in. I put in a lot, and the returns were immeasurable.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Improve Excel skills, learn to parse and manage data with SQL, and visualize data in Tableau.\xa0https://generalassemb.ly/education/data-analytics\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA provides a community that will remain valuable to me for the rest of my life. Being in GA is like being in a giant band with reach throughout the country. Everytime you meet another GA graduate, you have an instant friend. The networking aspect is impecable. Not only is there hundreds of brilliant GA grads, but GA creates a space that attract some of the best minds and speakers in the industry.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Overall I found General Assembly to be a great experience and was extremely valuable for me in making the transition into UX. When I finished the program I felt like I had the absolute minimum skills necessary for a UX Designer but I was able to build upon the foundation after many months of additional learning and practice. The program was heavy on research, presenting, collaborative teamwork, so it allowed me to work on skills that were not my greatest strengths.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA has been great. It has opened the doors to a new career for me.\xa0\nOur instructors were amazing, super helpful, knowledgable and personable.\xa0\nThe course was very intense, with tons of information in the class and a lot of homework. The course has definitely helped me build a foundation for understanding how programming works. And prepare us students for the real world projects.\nOverall I was very happy and have a great job now and feel accomplished with my career.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have spoken to my attorney and I have been assured there is nothing the General Assembly legal team can do about my factual review. DO NOT LET THEM INTIMIDATE YOU.\n\nI was harassed constantly while attending the WDI course and despite making this proof evident to General Assembly, the bully was not disciplined, instead allowed to thrive. Clear violations of the alleged code of conduct were ignored. I have been told this is not the first time where rules were broken and the perpetrator was not reprimanded.\n\nMost of the harassment was sexual in nature which is not advantageous to an educational environment.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., The 10 weeks UX immersive bootcamp at General Assembly in Sydney was one of the best learning experiences of my life! The UX course was a good mix of theory and practice. We covered both research and design and worked on 5 projects to put everything we learned into practice. My instructor was very passionate about UX and had extensive industry knowledge, he provided a lot of constructive feedback throughout the course. The outcomes program was great, they helped me tailor my linkedin/resume/portfolio and assisted me until I found a job. Overall my experience at General Assembly was great, I can't recommend it highly enough!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This course is a great way to kick start a new career in web development. I took my course at the Sydney GA campus and found the course and staff were excellent.\nOver the 12 weeks\xa0the course covered a great deal of content and was structured in a way that was very\xa0conducive for learning.\nThe course content and the network of people I met through General Assembly, helped me change career and become a Frontend developer in a full time job.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Having recently undertaken the accelerated Data Analytics course in Mar-18, I can safely say the course was well taught from start to finish. The instuctor, Joana and teaching asistant, Jasmine, were extremely approachable and made sure all students had a firm grasp of the contents and the concepts covered on the course. Alongside this, the facilities and staff at the General Assembly created a great flexible working environment which allowed students to continue with course work in the evenings in a safe and comfortable space.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took the UXDI class and absolutely loved it. It was the perfect fit - instruction from an experienced designer, the theory behind UX design, real world examples, and hands on projects. My favorite part of the class was the hands-on client project. Being able to work on a project that had real world goals and impact made the work I had put in earlier in the class all come together. Plus, having that in my portfolio was huge boon when finding a new job!\xa0\nThe job support is thorough and well structured. While studying in the immersive, there are weekly assignments to ramp up your application process. It was nicely spread out so it was manageable and effective. By the end of our cohort I had updated my LinkedIn, resume, cover letter, and learned so many skills I would need when applying to a new job. Julie the outcomes coach is AMAZING.\nThe community at GA is fantastic. I became close friends with people in my cohort,\xa0in the other cohorts down the hall, and the GA staff. Naida works at GA and is such a supportive and encouraging person. It was great having her and others there - it turned what could be a scary transition period into a fun time of personal growth and bonding. I was able to call GA my second home while I was there, and I love going back for alumni events.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", '[Incredible learning environment and very supportive staff. Learning is very efficient by method of "I do, we do, you do". Learned lessons and practically by working on real projects. Felt really connected with industry as I was encouraged to attend meetups, was connected with a alumni mentor and attended office visits.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This course enabled me to change career into a field I absolutly love. The classes have a high teacher/student ratio, they are obsessed about using the latest tech and have an enormous network of past grads and potential employers. If you\'re looking for a sign, this is it. Go for it.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I recently completed FEWD at General Assembly Sydney and couldn’t recommend it more! Jay is a legend and the course materials set me up to succeed in my current role. One highlight for me was celebrating with all my classmates and the Instructional and Production Teams at the end of the course! Couldn’t recommend more!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., An incredible (and practical) introduction to data science.\xa0I wish college courses were like this. It was so much information. Since we applied everything we learned I got a lot out of this class and can do a lot more than I expected I would with only 60 hours of class time. For me, pre work and homework too about double the estimated time\xa0but it was definitely worth the effort. Those with prior experience in either statistics or programming will have a leg up, but it\'s not necessary to get started.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I had no development experience prior to attending this course, and was completely unsure what to expect. I can only say that it was the best thing I could have possibly done for my career. 18 months later I\'m still loving my new career and couldn\'t have done it without the support of the people at GA in Sydney. It was a hard 3 months but I would do it again in a heartbeat. I had so much fun throughout, and I couldn\'t have asked for more support from my instructors and the rest of the team there.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \xa0\nGA was one of the best decisions and experiences in my life, mainly due to the amazing leaders here\xa0and the community of people that I have met, that will be long lasting relationships. It has certainly enriched my life.\xa0\nI graduated from the General Assembly UXDI program at the NY campus, in December 2017. I am now 2 weeks into my first full-time UX Designer position and couldn\'t be happier.\nI had such wonderful and dedicated mentors.\xa0I am extremely impressed with the guidance, support, encouragement, communication and opportunities that\xa0my GA instructors and career coaches\xa0have continuously provided me.\xa0I can\'t thank them\xa0enough for helping me transition and advance in my career so seamlessly!\nThat being said, the course itself is intensive. A lot of work compacted into an accelerated program. It\'s not for everyone but it was perfect for my situation. I come from a visual design background with 10+ years in marketing so I was looking to solidify my UX design knowledge in practice, to transition in my career. I took a 6 month online course with another school prior but that only wet my appetite. The in class GA UXDI course offered much more guidance and collaborative effort, which made a huge difference for me. The course covers a broad range of topics but there isn\'t enough time to really put everything to practice before you move onto more material. The projects help solidify concepts. You get as much as you put into it so be sure to ask questions and dig deeper into any topic that you\'re not strong in.\nIn terms of professional development, I can\'t speak for everyone but I receieved great support from them. I was also proactive in communicating with them post course, which I\'m sure has an impact on the outcome. My current job was actually reccomended to me by one of the GA career coaches. They were just as proactive in helping me along and now I am in a company and position that I was looking for, as a great starting point to my new career.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The course was heavily overpriced for anyone not being covered by work.\nThe curriculum and instructors did not provide a thoroughly instructive approach for any form of "product manager."\nThe course attempts to instruct would-be and aspiring entrepreneurs on the basics of business and product management, while also claiming to and attempting to cover the nuances of actual product management within an established company -- failing to sufficiently train in either.\nMy experience may have been tainted by the instructor Aditi Joshi. She ultimately showed with little respect for students, feigning interest and recognition of the importance of questions, answering in ways that illustrated her own "impressive" experience and awareness of trends instead of addressing the nuance and struggle with concepts behind a student\'s question. It\'s possible that a more attentive and talented instructor would have been able to substantially address product management in both the entrepreneurial and established business contexts, but seems like the course is just most likely over-ambitious and should be split up into 2 different courses.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Well run\xa0course. The material clearly guides you to sufficient knowledge to make very impressive websites using HTML 5, CSS, Javascript, jQuery, Ruby on Rails and various databases.\nThe instructor was first rate and this was a very positive experience for me.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This course ticked every box for me - excellent instructors with a balance of strong knowledge, great teaching methods and a sense of humour; challenging and engaging course material; combo of class work and autonomous projects; real sense of community. The pace is fast and I had a little bit of exposure to (non-web-dev) coding before starting, so I found that the speed and level of engagement expected was perfect for me. That being said I was doing hours and hours of coding outside of school hours, but the hours flew because it was so damn fun.\nBefore enrolling, one big factor for me was whether to go part-time or full-time (immersive), as it\'s a big financial commitment to go full-time. I can 100% recommend going full-time immersive if you\'re in a career change position - the job assistance (Outcomes) program makes it REALLY worthwhile.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The course gives a clear overview of all the aspects concerning Digital Marketing. As a CEO of an on-line startup it is a good way to have an overall picture of how to set-up your marketing team and, from a business perspective, set-up your business objectives according to your value proposition, marketing personas and following marketing decisions, in which channels and so on. The course is really fast paced and full of information to absorbe.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., This was a real game changing experience for me. Having been a UI designer that "dabbled" in UX, it totally opened my eyes to a new way of thinking and working. So glad I did the course and can\'t wait to dive right in with everything i\'ve learnt!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Beginnners course for those wanting to get a deeper grasp on marketing and for those who need to explore different outlets in order to market their brand\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[The course is an excellent training on excel, tableau, SQL and the best practices behind data analytics. I especially loved my instructor\'s real-world experience, and he was able to give great career advice during office hours as well as great teaching on the subject matter. The structure of the course is very project-based, and through it I\'m able to have a polished portfolio piece that I\'m leveraging in my job search process. Highly recommend!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Although I graduated with a marketing degree in May, I felt that my formal education leaned more on theory than practice. I came to General Assembly to get the most up-to-date digital marketing tactics. This course re-ignited my love of learning, most of which I had lost in the rigor of my university program. The instructors were top notch;\xa0they explained difficult concepts clearly and got me excited to put what I learned into practice. My entire GA experience, from\xa0onboarding, to the class sessions, to the alumni benefits package, to staying in the loop with the community has changed how I view education. I now consider myself a life-long learner and have General Assembly to thank for that.\xa0I had such a positive student experience that I\xa0continue to stay involved with the GA community, by attending a few events and workshops each month. I have nothing but great things to say about GA!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The couse was well structured, the lectures were packed with up-to-date industry knowledge. And almost more importantly, the projects provided immediate application and a rip-the-band-aid type experience to get our cohort into the UX mindset.\nAs the course went on, there were less chances for feedback, so I personally saught it as much as possible.\nIf you want to pivot and make that big change in your life, it\'s going to be a lot about you having the right mindset to do so. In Tyler Hartrich\'s class, he emphasizes having this mindset over and over which I now realize was absolutely crucial to me getting everything I could out of the class to make this transition.\nThis transformative experience can be daunting and very challenging, and I don\'t think it would have been possible without General Assembly\'s UXDI program and Tyler Hartrich\'s teaching method.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took this course to update my HTML skills and learn CSS. Before selecting General Assembly, I checked out online reviews, took their free course and checked out two other online schools. I thought General Assembly would give me the skills I was looking for so I could create engaging webpages.\nI was wrong about General Assembly. After completing the 10-week course, I was still confused about CSS and I did not have the skills to make my website match my design. Here\'s what disappointed me:\n\nCurriculum was old. It was written in 2014 and hadn\'t been updated. Tech moves quickly and I want a curriculum that is current.\nWeekly lectures were never live - they were taped. So I could watch them, but I couldn\'t interact with the instructor and ask questions.\nLimited to one mentor session per week, so I couldn\'t work ahead and finish the course in less time.\nMentor sessions were rushed.\nNot enough hands-on coding practice.\nNo lifetime access to the material learned. Most online schools give you unlimited access to your lessons.\n\nMy original plan was to take the JavaScript class from General Assembly, but for the above reasons, I instead searched for another school to learn that skill. I chose Skillcrush and for the same cost of one 10-week General Assembly JavaScript class, I got unlimited access to all their front and back end web developer courses along with a complete suite of web designer courses and wordpress coding courses. After four months at\xa0Skillcrush, I am now confident in my HTML, CSS, web design and JavaScript abilites and am actually creating engaging pages that match my designs.\xa0\nI recommend you avoid General Assembly and check out Skillcrush instead. I wish I had gone to Skillcrush first.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I was a student in General Assembly\'s 12-week Web Development Immersive program in San Francisco in the fall of 2017. Altogether, I learned SO MUCH throughout the program and now feel like I can be a lifelong independent development learner. The program is fast paced, very dynamic, and well suited for motivated learners.\nYou really get out of the program what you put into it and to succeed you need to take ownership of your learning. There is a lot of assistance available (office hours, TAs, classmates, etc.), but you need to be proactive in seeking out additional support when you need it.\xa0\nThe curriculum is updated regularly based on feedback from graduates and employers, which is great to see, but that means not everything is completely ironed out before teaching.\xa0\nI was very impressed with the instructors (especially Justin!). The teachers really matter in a course that is actively taught 40 hours a week and General Assembly seems to do a great job selecting and supporting the staff.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \nThis rigorous program was the best decision I\'ve ever made, hands down. I\'ve learned so much in such a short amount of time, which would have never been possible just learning everything by myself. It\'s a commitment and you must devote every aspect of your life to, learning how to program and not just that, but how does everything work and why it works. Being at General Assembly I not only gained valuable skills like learning how to build an express backend, building full stack ruby applications, even the ins-and-outs of git just to name a few, but I gained an incredible community of like-minded individuals who I\'m happy to call my friends as well. The toughest experience of my life, but I would not hesitate to do this all over again.\n\xa0\nOne thing I would recommend is that you sharpen your JS skills to a very refined point. This program moves FAST! So, make friends that will help you along the way of this tough as nails journey. One thing I do have to say that probably isn\'t too positive is that some of the instructors\xa0simply didn\'t really care, you\'ll have to weed those out and yea it will be apparent. I had two in my cohort, one didn\'t really care and the other was already on level 900000 when trying to explain certain\xa0things, basically wasn\'t too beginner friendly. The curriculum\xa0needs a little bit of work too, but don\'t be afraid to speak up and let the instructors know what is needed in aiding you with the learning process. For example, I fought for screencasts of certain lectures as well as others from my cohort and oh boy! did that help.\n\xa0\nOh and yea, I hardly had any programming experience beforehand, maybe only a few months of HTML, CSS, and JS...yup, the basics(all from free code camp). Also, no CS degree!! Currently, just graduated.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., A 5 week online course\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I went into the course with 2 eyes open and yet, the course manages to surprise me with the flexibility of the UX Design Process. Love the applicability of the design process and hopefully, I can make use of the process in what I do now (I am a curriculum designer). Doing it part-time with a full-time job was a killer though :)\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., A really good course and great tutor\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I recently completed the Web Development Immersive course at General Assembly in Boston. It was an amazing experience and I recommend it highly. It\'s a grueling course - 12 weeks, M-F, 9-5 with 1-2 hours of homework per night. Puctuality and attendance are critical, in order to graduate you can only have 5 tardies and only 3 missed days. I don\'t recommend missing any days if it can be helped because you\'ll miss so much in one day. During the course you complete four full-stack web applications, 3 individual and one group project. The curricilum is excellent. They ensure that you learn the basics of how JavaScript works (e.g. closures, async, prototypical inheritance, truthy/falsey, hoisting, promises, etc.). Their style of instruction really helps to cement the concepts in your brain. For each topic there is typically a lecture, demo (they show you how to code it), code-along (they code along with you), and lab (you code it yourself or in a small group). The instructors are engaging and helpful (without doing the work for you). They definitely teach you to stand on your own. My only constructive feedback is that I wish they taught a more popular web framework than Ember. I get why Ember: it "goes with" Ruby, it\'s opinionated, and easy to teach, and I realize that they can\'t teach everything. But I would have liked to have learned React or Angular which are more popular than Ember.\nThe makeup of the class participants is really diverse. Lots of women, non-white, and all around not totally straight, white 20-something males. Also people from all sorts of backgrounds from teaching to real estate, to just about anything.\nThe career support is terrific. You meet with them once a week as a group where they help you with your personal brand, LinkedIn, resume, networking, portfolio, and more. They give you personal feedback, and are available for 1x1s weekly as well. They continue their support post-graduation as well.\nThe instructional space is really nice. The office is conveniently located steps from South Station. It\'s a brand new space, with large classrooms, individual meeting rooms, "phone booths", a large lobby and students lounge with coffee, water, refrigerator, etc. The front-lines support staff is super-helpful and supply laptop chargers, phone chargers, etc. They also keep the space in tip-top condition.\nI can\'t say enough good things about it, and would recommend it to anyone interested in a coding bootcamp.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Very good course!\nSydney\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I attended a 6 day Product Management Course in London and was hugely impressed by the quality of the instruction, resources and activities. Our class of 20 students came from a hugely diverse background, aged 25 to 55, 7 different nationalities, 50/50 male and female. This meant that I got to work with so many different people who brought ideas to the class that I had never considered. Quality instruction was blended with individual and group work in class and supported by homework activities. I worked on a personal project during the week that mirrored the course content, culminating in a presentation of my project on the final (6thth) day. A tiring, but highly informative course. I began implanting the ideas at work on the very next day.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[We were taught\xa0more than one tech stack. Our teachers are leaders in their field and are masters at\xa0what they teach.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., GA\'s part-time front-end web development course gave me\xa0an amazing foundation in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. I got a better understanding of how websites work and had a lot of fun creating my project.\nThe class definitely gave me the vocabulary to better\xa0communicate with developers. I knew we wouldn\'t leave as expert front-end web developers\xa0after 20 three-hour classes, but the amount of information covered was impressive. Overall I finished the class feeling confident in my HTML and CSS abilities, but have a ways to go on JavaScript (mostly jQuery), which was extremely challenging for me.\nMost importantly, though, we learned how to find the answers and resources we need as we continue to learn after the class. The instructors were fantastic, and went above and beyond in helping students with their projects and with difficulties throughout the class.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I came into this course hoping to learn some basic data science, and had an excellent experience. I\'ve long enjoyed math, but have always struggled to get excited about statistics; this course was the first time that I cared enough about statistics to dive into what the many variables meant, how they were related, and how to think about the results I got. It was fun to play with data at the intersection of statistics and programming. I do wish we had more time in class to practice our skills; class time was almost entirely lecture, with most exploration left to homework, but this allowed us to cover more content. The building is nice, instructors & student experience team are awesome, and other students were also engaged & interested in learning.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Great course! Got a job right after!\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., \xa0\ni am glad I landed in GA on google one day and my choice only solidified because of the reviews I got from colleagues who were then taking courses too at GA\nOnce I had filled in enquiry I was helped by a team member of GA who relieved me of doubts\xa0\nAnd once the class started I loved every bit of it\nEven the days were challenging and I was struggling my instructors helped me see through it and I am here on my final day\nIt’s over but I am gonna miss it\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The one week Product Management course was intensive, with rather a lot of work to do each evening. But it was well-paced, and lots of fun too and we laughed a lot during class time. I left having achieved my goal of feeling more confident about entering the workforce after being at home with three small children.\r\nThere was a high calibre of students doing the course which made it more interesting and helped my\xa0learning process.\xa0The course instructor had a nice balance of humour and seriousness, and all of the team at General Assembly in Sydney are\xa0happy to help if needed. We were asked to give feedback on a daily basis, and it was always addressed the following day which was\xa0impressive.\r\nYou get lots of helpful material to refer to later, and as a bonus I have some\xa0good memories of my time there.\n\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., i really enjoyed my time and the learning experience at GA. The syllabus is extensive and the instructors were very knowledgeable, friendly and approachable. The environment was very friendly and relaxed in every other class. Great place to make new friends!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., In October of 2016, I found my self at my desk writing my two weeks notice that I never planned on submitting. I was just tired and bored of my current job at the time. My work life balance was nonexistence. I was out the house before my wife and kids were awake and home around bath and bedtime. A few weeks later I was laid off due to a merger. For years I have played around with code. I knew enough to be dangerous but not enough to employ. My wife saw this passion I had for tech and suggested that Go back to school for and get my CS degree. I Did my research and found out quickly that it would cost me 30-45k and 2-3 years to accomplish this. During my research, I found about boot camps. I had no idea what out how boot camps worked. I visited a few local campus here in Atlanta. One of those was General Assembly. From day one this staff has been friendly, transparent and encouraging. I was sold almost immediately after attending a weekend "How to code session". \xa0I schedule a meeting with Jordan Evan ( Admission Counselor) to discuss the 12 weeks immersive. \xa0We went back and fouth for a couple weeks weighing pros and cons. He was extremely patient with me. \xa0After another talk with my wife, I decided to sign up. \xa0\xa0\nFrom day one of the 12 weeks, GA has exceeded all of my expectations \xa0Everyone one from the Frontlines team to Regional Director. \xa0 Especially during my moments of doubt. \xa0There were two determining factors that lead me to choose GA Course Curriculum and the GA Community. \xa0 6 weeks after completing the course I accept a Software Engineer position. Yes, a real salaried with full benefits. ( And the pay is above the median salary for my city)\nThank you to all the amazing staff at the Atlanta Campus for supporting and pushing me past my expectations. \xa0If you are looking for a boot camp to attend\xa0stop call General Assembly. Your search is over.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., I took completed the General Assembly Web Development Immersion course ( 3 Months) back in April 2016.\nGame Changer is an understatement.\n<< Background\n\xa0Before GA, I was a creative (video producer and video editor of explainer videos). \xa0I am currently a web developer at an ad agency (video game clients). \xa0In no way shape or form could I have gotten the job, or had the opportunities if not for GA. \xa0Before I started, my Father doubted the Bootcamp path. \xa0My programmer friend insisted I was a CREATIVE, and programming was hard, and doubted the program. \xa0That programmer friend eventually hired me right out of school to work at Kik, a chat messenger.\n<< Expectation\nI believe ANYONE can learn to program. \xa0It takes curiosity, a bit of stubbornness, and a strong work ethic. \xa0But if you have these qualities. You will learn to code for 10 hours a day for 3 months. \xa0Build 4 pretty amazing apps from your own brain.\xa0\n<< The Job Hunt and my path\n1) Hired 2 days out of school to do a hybrid part programming, part partner relations\n2) 6 months later took a pay cut to do a full programming job at small agency\n3) 2 Months later hired full time at a Bigger Agency to do Front End Development (this was my strength, still do PHP as well) \xa0\n<< Downsides\nEven out of school you will get recruiters who think dev camp programmers compared to CS grads are not as good. \xa0I mean we are talking about 3 months vs 4 years. \xa0You will be on coding interviews and may bet your ass handed to you.\n<< Upsides\nIn this profession, you just need to keep learning to get paid more. \xa0Every day is an opportunity to code and become a better programmer.\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Not only did the staff and my fellow cohorts provide a professional and engaging learning environment to work in, the entire experience made me feel like I was moving into an industry and potential job that really suited me as a person.\nAs expected in a classroom environment learning from others was where I thought I would gain the most benefit, however I also had the opportunity and privilege to solidify my own understanding of concepts by helping others through their problems along the way, this was by far one of the most positive personal gains I took away from the experience. I’m now in a great position where I can start to build on the strong foundations laid at GA, and continue expanding my knowledge and understanding of all things web development.\nI would 100% recommend GA London if you are thinking of moving into a career in web development!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I would definitely recommend\xa0the Digital Marketing course, it is a great way to get an understanding of the majority of the digital marketing best practises and platforms. If you are wanting to start your career in digital marketing, or just trying to get a better understanding about the numbers you are tracking, it helps to start building the knowledge.\nIt\'s practical application helps you learn while achieving and implementing well thought out strategies. Highly recommend this course.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I am a graduate of the User Experience Design Immersive Course in London from May-July 2017. I originally was on the February 2017 intake but had to pull out in Week 3 due to a sudden illness. While I was recovering in hospital they could not have treated me any better and offered me whatever options I wanted to take. I then re-started the course in May when I had recovered and am now in the job search phase of it. So far the job support has been quality\xa0and you are going to get out of it what you put in - but it\'s important to note that the support\xa0is there.\xa0The course itself is fast-paced, full on and requires your 100% commitment - and I wouldn\'t want it any other way. We had an experienced senior\xa0UX Designer as our teacher, and if we had any feedback we were constantly encouraged to speak up. It was a positive learning environment, (but it did help that\xa0we had a classroom full of students that handled the pressure cooker well). If you are unsure about General Assembly - they are top notch and are worth the investment. But if you are deciding on a career change like I did,\xa0make sure you go to the many free open nights and speak to the team there to see if it\'s right for you. And if it is - go for it!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[General Assembly was a great experience for me, and I would recommend it whole-heartedly. But you need to know what you\'re in for before you sign up. It\'s like a language immersion, but for data. The data science immersive was very challenging because they\'re teaching you a ton of stuff in a very short amount of time. To get the most out of it, you will be getting 8-hours of in-class instruction each day, and should expect an additional 3-hours of homework after that to solidify the material you learned. Each day, you learn two important topics related to data science (one in the morning, and another in the afternoon). They don\'t really repeat things if you don\'t quite get it, so you have to pay attention, you have to do your homework, and you have to not sweat the fact that you probably won\'t leave the course a total master at everything. If you come into the course with a bit of python as background, that will help you immensely. If you do the work, you will come out of the class with a solid data science foundation. You should know though that completing the course alone will not get you a job. You need to actually have the skills at the end, as employers will test your abilities during the application process. You can\'t fake knowing data science. For this reason, the job coaches can only get you so far. Think of this less as something you "buy" or "get" and more of something you "do" or "work for" and you should be able to get a lot from the class. If you don\'t have the right attitude, the time, or the discipline to learn the materials, then this course is not for you.\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., I move to London for the UXDI Course and it\'s been one of my best decisions so far. The course was everything I needed and expected. I wanted to shift from Visual Design tu UX Design and GA gave me the skills and knowledge I needed. The 10 weeks are divided into different projects in groups and individualy. You have to work hard but at the same time you enjoy every single second that goes by. The Instructional team was very professional, supportive and engaging all the way through. You meet very creative fun and interesting people that by the end of the course become your \'GA Family\', your friends.\xa0\n\r\nDoing this course changed my life. After I finished the course I got the TA position for the following course and the Outcomes team was very supportive in helping us find a job. Before I finished the TA role I had done more than 8 interviews and had 2 job offers. I started my current job a week after which was my main goal of moving to London and I have to thank GA for that.\xa0\n\r\nHave in mind that GA gives you the structure, tools, team and techniques you need to pursue your dream but you must work hard too. I\'d recommend GA to everybody who wants to learn in an innovative environment surrounded by amazing people and creative minds.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I studied the UX part-time course (2 nights a wk). Loved every minute I was there. It is faced pace and very informative. I learnt more in 10 weeks of this course than I did in some semesters at University. Really loved the staff, all very eager to help in any way they can. I was very sad it was over at the end of the 10 weeks.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., This place is a joke...they rob you of your money and run!! \xa0I took the wdi course and it was a waste of money and time. \xa0Do not go here, they will teach you nothing!! \xa0if you struggle, all \xa0they do is push you aside, instead of helping you figure out why you are. \xa0The student services and outcome sucks too!! [NAME REDACTED]\xa0is not a good person and very rude!! as well as her coworker, [NAME REDACTED]\xa0they are too self-involved with their reputation then trying to help you out. \xa0Do not fall into their scam....it is a waste of money. \xa0they will tell you to quit your job to take the program and when you struggle they will try and convince you to drop the class. \xa0They don\'t care about you, only about your money!!!\nThis Review Is Helpful15Flag as inappropriate., The content was relevent, prepared in advance and presented in a simple, easy to read way. The teachers were extremely knowledgable in their area of expertise and no question was a silly question. Not only were the teachers available during the course of the day but were happy to stay back after class each day to answer any questions.\nComing in from a low level degree of knowledge in digital marketing, I feel like I learned quite a bit and it\'s given me motivation to explore it and apply it to my career.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took the UXDI course in London early last year. My background had nothing to do with it, I was working in a warehouse moving boxes here and there and working on weekends.\nRight after the course I got hired as a Teaching Assistant at GA London for the next UXDI, which was an amazing experience, and nicely paid, which was great because I was broke :)\nI finished teaching on a Friday. The next Tuesday I started my first UX job at an agency in London. Now I just got offered another job, with a great pay rise and better conditions. I went from 23K to 40K in year and a half. Pretty sweet. And no more lifting heavy boxes or working weekends.\nOne thing though: The course is just the beginning, you need to work hard during and after the course. Read books, go to meet ups, roll in courses, online and offline, keep learning. GA can teach you the way, but you have to walk it.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., General Assmbly was amazing. I went in knowing a bit a bit HTML and CSS having tried to teach myself for a few months so found\xa0the first week pretty straight forward. After that, it was incredibly full on and we got stuck in with the more difficult concepts of web development.\xa0\n\r\nStarting with basic JavaScript, we learnt the fundamentals of programming and quickly progressed to fullstack languages and frameworks.\n\r\nI learned more in the first week and a half at GA than I did after 3 months of teaching myself. They really push you but are their to support you when you get stuck.\xa0\n\r\nWe covered a huge amount of languages and tools and I would massively reccommend doing it, but you\'ve got to fully commit to it and definitely keep up the learning pace after you finish.\xa0\n\r\nThe outcomes team don\'t get you a job, but they really help with feedback and get you as prepared as possible for the job search so we really helpful! Definitely a case of work hard, play hard!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Hand on my heart, I would recommend(with bright lovely colours)WDI to anyone who asks me.\xa0\nEnvironment:\xa0\nThe London campus is full of support, laughter, and fantastic vibes, all of which mix very well for a perfect 12 week course. The front of house staff are exceptional, and they maintain the campus to the highest standard. London hold superb events to which I have made a great deal of fantastic contacts from. The campus is in the heart of Aldgate and is surrounded by yummy food places and cheeky \'drink\' places to kick back in.\xa0\nInstructors/ Staff\nThe instuctors at GA are on another level. Their complete expertese, patience and support really help you feel like you can smash the course (with hard work). They are not only supportive, but they are honest too if you\'re not pulling your weight during the course which for me, is vital. The outcomes team who help you through the course with your job search are outstanding. They go above and beyond to help you find that first job after the course. The patience they have for each and every student is one of the reasons I would reccomend the course and the London campus.\xa0\nCurriculum\nGA\'s curriculum was a part of the course I was completely blown away with. We were all told from day one that the course would be full on and that basically you wouldn\'t have a life but the way they structured the course was perfect. I understand now that the WDI course will be moving to React as part of the curriculum which for me is the absoloute right direction.\xa0\nOverview\nOverall I would give GA 9 out of 10. Anyone who is looking to step into the exciting pond of development would be utterly over the moon with this course. Putting the price of the course aside, this for me was a complete investment.\xa0\nSo much love for GA\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., A friend recommended this course and found it really great. However, there were only 16 people in their class - there were 30 in mine. I felt sorry for the tutors having to deal with a large group of students with such a diverse range of skill and needs - They were actually quite good, but getting their attention was difficult. The pace of the classes was greatly\xa0affected by the wide range of skill levels and the number of students. With regards to our projects, there were a few times where tutors would take over and basically do our code.\nI felt mislead by this course. Firstly, because the website implies that there\'s a daily structure - a period of time designated to labs etc. Secondly, that there would be pair programming. We didn\'t have many opportunities to do any labs and experiment and speaking to graduates from Makers, pair programming really helped them progress and learn.\nI would only recommend this course if you have a solid foundation in coding already, or have a STEM background. Before joining I was led to believe that you didn\'t need much experience and that everything will eventually click into place. 4 months on and I\'m still waiting\xa0for things to fall into place. I can now see why Founders and Coders are very strict with their entrance requirements - as it pays to be prepared as you can before an intensive 3 months of learning.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., I want to delete this review, but Coursereport doesn\'t allow it.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly was an overall great experience. I came into the course with previous experience programming, particularly with Java, and that was definitely a great help. I feel that the course gave me an excellent, solid foundation with Android fundamentals. I was also able to put together a decent portfolio of projects that I\'ll be able to continue to develop as I learn new skills.\nAs far as career assistance goes, General Assembly put me in a good place to help myself get a job. I have a personal portfolio website hosted by github, a complete Linkedin page, and an up to date resume. I also maintain access to the carreer assistance program for as long as I need, so long as I am actively applying for jobs and regularly attending networking events.\nI am currently actively looking for jobs, and there are certainly a lot of options in the New York City area. The only issue is that most postings ask for 2+ years of professional development experience, with at least a year of Android development. This is a tough requirement for any recent graduate of a program that teaches a new skill, but can be particularly tough for someone who is switching careers from a non-technical background.\nTL;DR: I recommend the program. Previous programming experience is not required, but helps. Career assistance helps you help yourself.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., The course is structured and intense - helped me build up my foundations on my digital marketing skills. Loved the class and the people in the class (including the instructors and staff of GA).\xa0\nI would highly recommend anyone to join this course to upgrade their skills and refine their knowledge!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Course iteself was actually well run and provided good information about the grwoing field.\xa0 My issues with it are more related to how it is looked upon or treated by the school itself.\xa0 It seems too stand aone within the curriculum and unfortunately the course and the students seem to be treaetd as the cliched red headed step children of General Assembly.\xa0\nAfter finishing the course it felt like I was just providing tuition to the school and thats all they cared about.\nJust my thoughts. Thanks anyway.\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., The most rewarding (and challenging) 12 weeks of my life. The curriculum and my instructors were amazing and helped me gain the skills and confidence that\xa0I needed to bring my ideas to life through code. I have met so many incredible people and I\xa0am so happy that I have finally made the\xa0transition and become a web developer.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I really enjoyed this class. It is definitely intense and a lot of info to pack into one week but if you need to learn these skills quick I would highly recomend it. The teacher, Suzanne, is great and goes into depth on many of the topics. I feel more confiendent to position myself as a Product Manager as I progress in my career. We did a lot of activities to really put into practice what we were learning. This is intnese though, make sure you are aware of that before committing, you have to dedicate you week to this to get as much as you can\xa0out of it.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Overall a great experience and I learned a great deal about Digital Marketing strategy and digital markeitng plan execution.\nAfter completing the course, I have more insight and understanding into Digital Marketing (strategy, language/vocabulary). \xa0As I read articles/blogs about Digital Marketing trends or practices (native advertising, retargeting, etc), I am able to follow along with the article and have an understanding of the concepts.\nThe course is a bit long, but there\'s alot to learn. \xa0During class, the information and content felt a bit disjointed and not connected, but the last 3-4 classes brought all the information together and the various components started to make more sense.\nI have many years of traditional marketing experience and this course has helped me to better understand digital marketing and has expanded my knowledge base as a business person and a marketer.\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I\'m graduating today from the Web Development Immersive program and I could not be more pleased with how the entire experience went. The instructors were amazing, the staff was great and the curriculum was challenging.\nI feel that I now have an incredible background to help propel me into web development. Not only did we learn languages and frameworks that are relevant to the market, we learned how to learn. I went from thinking "there\'s no way I can solve this" to "I can work through and figure this out." I would highly recommend this course (especially in Denver) to anyone who has an interest in web development.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., You will get a good taste of the skills needed\xa0to start your UX designing journey.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., I cannot describe how disappointed I am. I partly blame my own judgement. The curriculum looked very attractive with all the topics I hoped to learn. But if you think about it - they promise you to become a data scientist in two months with two 3-hour lectures a week? Common! I totally understand that the course would\xa0cost more if you extended it, but this is exactly why I will not recommend it to anyone who asks me for advice. In the end it feels like I wasted my money. I\'d prefer to pay more and learn properly, than pay less and pretend learning.\nThey could probably save the situation if they put more support in place. But support was not there.\xa0For money you pay you expect someone there to help you when you are stuck with your code or understanding and interpreting models. But no, you are basically alone! In the end I found all answers I needed interacting in stackoverflow.com and learnt how different models really worked watching youtube videos by some prominent universities.\nThe structure of the course and the pace are also totally wrong. We were asked to start working on a final project on week 3 before we covered all the topics. No feedback whatsoever! So instead of practising useful skills, playing with modelling etc., students ended up fighting bad data sets and working on tasks which were unrealistic.\nSo if you ask me - don’t waste your money. You will get the same knowledge elsewhere for free. Or if you have more money and time, do it properly.\nThis Review Is Helpful19Flag as inappropriate., Brilliant introduction to the stack and coding. Very exciting to go from zero to making a personal website over the time of the course. Enjoyed it so much that I went on to take the HTML, CSS & Web Design online course with General Assembly, which was great.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Overall thoroughly enjoyed the courses. The lecturer was engaging and Amanda was very supportive, especially as I started quite behind. I also enjoyed the guest speakers, which added a bit of real life flavour for the industry and what being a \'data scientest\' actually meant.\n\r\nOne area that could definitly improve though was the slides. When reviewing them post lecture or trying to draw on them for the final project weeks later, they had very little information that was possible to follow. I\'m not sure if this was intentional, but would have been good to have more structure to them.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took the Part-Time 10 week Product Management Course at General Assembly beginning\xa0August of 2016. The two instructors were incredible, Sherika and Jocelyn both have a deep background in Product Management (Jocelyn with tech companies and start-ups, Sherika with large private companies). Both brought so much experience to this class. The portion of the class I most enjoyed was that I gained so many different skillsets in a short period of time from user-experience design to writing and pitching my product proposal to developing roadmaps. For anyone with an entreprenurial bent or who wants to know enough to lead teams with very different goals and personalities, this is the course for you.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Disclosure: I am a GA employee but I am writing honestly.\xa0\nI took Front End Web Development (FEWD) at the NY campus in 2016. Overall I had an excellent experience.\xa0\nPros:\n-my instructor, Chandler, was awesome. So knowledgeable, very engaging up in front of the class (tough to do-- 3 hours x twice a week x 10 weeks), always available to help with projects outside of class, and also a fun guy outside of class. \xa0Our TAs were also incredibly helpful.\xa0\n-my classmates were so cool. There were a lot of designers in my class who were looking to get more technical and I loved making friends with them. Also some ppl in adtech, and some ppl with more traditional IT jobs looking to expand their skills. We went out for drinks as a class a few times and I\'ve kept in touch with some ppl professionally.\xa0\n-the space. The campus is awesome and very well located.\xa0\nCons:\n-Chandler did a great job organizing all the content so I knew where to find everything, but I think he built the website where he organized everything himself, so I don\'t think other teachers\' classes materials are as well organized.\xa0\n-I wish there had been a little more time built into class for the students to get to know each other. I think if the connections had happened earlier we could have helped each other more easily instead of just relying on Chandler.\xa0\n-The onboarding experience was pretty non-existent, though idk if i got something different bc I work at GA?\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I came to the UXD Immersive course on the back of trying to find a role in UX Design following the part time course I have completed at GA.\nIf you are serious and committed to learning and have a real passion for UX you will learn a lot; about yourself just as much as about UX Design (That goes hand in hand.. doesnt it??)\xa0\nI have nothing but positive feedback to give everyone at General Assembly Melbourne; the instructors and GA Staff have equally been helpful, professional, supportive and instilled a great \xa0depth and wealth of knowledge and experience which hopefully will now allow me to take my first steps professionally with ease.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[\nGeneral Assembly has\xa0carved a space within all-things digital marketing including strategy, brand, content, social, analytics and more with this part time course. My instructor\'s comprehensive knowledge, experience and captivating teaching style\xa0was really impressive and I\'ve recommended to friends of mine who have since enrolled in the same course.\n\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I absolutely loved my studies\xa0with general assmebly.\nI took a 10week part-time course and built a website that I\'m proud of and keep actively updating. \xa0The click through lessons were very clear and\xa0online format was made super well, and they made sure the course retained a\xa0personal\xa0aspect with\xa0dedicated one-on-one time every week with the tutor of your choide and skype lectures, which you could either join in person or watch later.\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., My experience on the London WDI course at GA was very mixed and hard to say if I would recommend it to anyone or not, and I will try my best to explain why. I shall first start off with the Pro\'s of doing the course, then get onto the Con\'s. I finished the course a few months ago so have had time to process my experience and to then see how it prepared me for the outside job hunting world.\xa0\nSo, Pro\'s:\nThe overall feel and atmosphere of the campus was really enjoyable. It has a nice little homework area where you can hang out and work after lessons and it does not feel sterile. So after a long day of coding you can move to a more relaxing state if you need. All of the staff were approachable and it had a real sense of community. I had never been in a place where I had gotten along with everyone there, and for this reason i loved GA. It thrives a relaxed learning population. Also, the social side of the GA is pretty big and there are lots of drinks involved.\nThe other main Pro is that the tutors at GA put\xa0effort into teaching you. They stay every night to help till around 10pm, then come in on the weekends to help during projects too and it never once felt like they didn\'t want to be there.\xa0\nThe other students were all lovely, which is great as GA promotes pair coding, which is great.\nI also would have to say that I did learn a lot of coding information and terms.. and I say "information and terms" as I picked up a lot of terminology, also basic structuring of websites and a basic knowledge of what certain words mean... although....\n.... Con\'s:\nI did NOT learn, in depth javascript, or other languages, which I thought was a very important thing to pick up in a three month coding course. But instead of going in depth in javascript, we skimmed that, then skimmed\xa0jQuery, then skimmed AngularJS etc etc till we had covered many different technologies, but never focused a lot on one to pick it up properly. This in tern made me aware of all these things and gave me some small understanding, but left me not understanding fully how to even write Javascript, or anything else, from scratch.\nWe were told to copy code a lot of the time, and when I would ask what parts of the code did, i just got told to copy it and I did not need to understand what it did.\xa0\nThere was not a lot of\xa0code checking and feedback of progress. Was rare that\xa0I had\xa0the tutor look through my code properly and give me feedback or in depth help. The tutor would sometimes take my laptop and do the coding for me on parts, therefor leaving me without the knowledge but with working code, this happened a lot, and it felt like I was just being given four projets to take to interviews, but was very concerned that if i got asked about the code, I could not answer the questions, as a lot of it was not my work. (also a lot of other students work from group project weeks).\nSo given the above you would think that I would\xa0not recommend, but, i think that GA messed up this one time.\nBasically our class was the biggest one, and there were too many students per tutor. Way too many to get proper help, which is proabably why i got told to copy a lot. They do not have classes this big after us i don\'t think. Also, we had a tutor that was new to teaching and did not do a good job. We would not pick up entire lessons through this reason. That tutor is no longer there. The course was trying a new structure that did not work. Our homework was not a natural flow from the work in the day, and we felt like nothing flowed and a lot of the time was confused about the structure of learning, but they have now realised what they did wrong and the newer classes seem to be working well again.\xa0\nSo, if we were just an unlucky class, and now they have less students, more time to help one on one and the structure is sorted, I would strongly recommend GA. But, this may be an up and down process, so cannot say for sure.\nI\'ll leave by saying, outcomes really do try hard to find you a job after and if you do the work they will do everything they can to help you. There is a lot of support after leaving and I was one of the lucky ones that landed a job very quickly after leaving.\nSo GA does get you work after!! As always, if you put the hard work in, no matter what, you will get there. :)\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., The UX course is excellent. It gives you the practical skills to begin a career in UX. The course covers so much, in a short time with group hands-on exercises. The support from the tutor and TAs really helps to keep you on track providing feedback and advice.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took Data Analytics last summer at General Assembly. I\'ve always been interested in working with data and it\'s always come naturally, but I haven\'t had a lot of opportunities to develop those skills in the jobs I\'ve had up until this point. I took this course so it could give me hands on -real world experience working with data, and it definetly delivered. Our instructor worked at YikYak and the TA was from a data team at Turner, so it was really interesting hearing from both how they used those tools in their daily work. I felt supported on topics that were challenging to me, and I was always able to dig deeper into areas that felt a bit easier. Now I\'m a go-to person at work if anyone ever has a question about excel, and I feel confident that I can use this experience to my advantage on my next job hunt as well.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I had the most wonderful experience with GA. Dave and Kiefer were my instructors and they were\xa0a dream team! If you come into the program thinking 3 months will make you a Data Scientist, then you need to re-adjust your expectations. For me, I have learned more than expected. I have alwlays felt that the more you know, the more you don\'t know. The course left me wanting to dive deeper and just keep going, and that is a very exciting feeling! The instructors go way beyond their duty to help because they truly care. Dave once stayed till almost 8pm to help me with scrapy. During capstone days, Kiefer spent well beyond 3,4 hours with me a day when I was\xa0behind. They are always availabe during and even after the course was over to help whenever I have questions. They follow up on my questions and provide additional materials for further study. Now I\'m a TA and get to be involved with some of the course planning. I\xa0have even more appreciation of how hard the intrustors and the entire production team work to make the course go smoothly. Staff at GA are super friendly. Outcomes was helpful but I feel we could use more partnership. That said, I got my internship through\xa0an on-site interview from GA. I have also met amazing peers in my program, some has become life-long friends. People\'s background was diverse and we support each other to learn. Since we are all adults, everyone is super motivated and that created a great environemnt.\xa0Our TA\xa0continue to hold review sessions and interview preps after the course is over. There are evening TA\'s most days of the week. Our course producer sent out many social events everyweek for people to network. We had\xa0amazing speakers come to talk during our course too for us to get industry exposure. All the resources are there. You\'ll get everything you could possibly get if you put in the effort. I feel super lucky and thankful for this experiece.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., Best decision in my life. Instructors are always helpful and genuinely want successful outcomes for each student. They provide additional/supplemental readings/materials if you are unsure about something taught in class. The instructors are industry professionals and have a deep-rooted passion which translates to a valuable resource for the students. Prepare to just do code for the whole time you are there and your life after the program. Most importantly, prepare for a new you and new family\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., The Data Science class was very good and our instructors were great.\xa0 They were extremely helpful and made themselves very available for questions and 1 on 1 time.\xa0\nThere was a ton of content.\xa0 At points it seemed like a data dump with complex math being described as python code, which\xa0can be very hard to understand for entry level coders.\xa0 I would recommend the class to anyone interested in data science, but be sure you have a strong grasp of basic python and understand what you want to get out of the class.\xa0 If not, you could easily get lost or left behind.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., The UX Design course at GA London was great! In the course of one week I learned a lot and can confidently go back to work and transition into a more permanent UX role.\nMark, our instructor and Lucy and Rihannon our TAs were great and really helpful. Even after hours they would send us links to useful websites (and still do today although the course is finished)\nI would really recommend this course if you\'re looking to learn about UX!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Want to learn Photoshop but\xa0you\'re intimidated by its overwhelming features that you just don\'t know where to start? Are you looking to increase your skill set? Are you a UX Designer who wants to have more confidence in defending your designs?\nThese were all the reasons why I took the part-time Visual Design course and it exceeded beyond my expectations.\xa0Dani, the course instructor, and Jess, her assistant,\xa0were an awesome and supportive team. They guided me on the process\xa0of creating a homepage design that I\'m proud to show to employers.\nIt\'s been almost a year and a half since I\'ve finished the course but it\'s made a big impact on my career. Before the course, I used to focus more on wireframing. Now I\'ve moved onto a job where I mostly work on the visual design and prototyping of the product. The course has increased my confidence not only as a Photoshop user but a designer as well. Another benefit is the connections you make with your peers and the instructional team. I go to Dani and Jess whenever I need design or career advice.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Before coming to General Assembly, I had little to no experience with coding. After\xa012 weeks of focus and hard work, thanks to GA, I have built a strong foundation for a career in front-end development by gaining exposure to a broad range of technologies. The intructors were fantastic. The experience they bring to the classroom taught us to think like developers \xa0by providing just enough guidance to maximize our time in the program while allowing us to struggle through obstacles the right way rather than taking shortcuts. I can honestly say I learned more during those three months than I did in college. Moreover, the outcomes team provided more than enough tools, and networking opportunities to land a job I was excited about.\xa0Make no mistake though, you will get out whatever effort you put into this course. Don\'t sign up if you\'re not ready to work hard.\nBeyond providing a hard skillset, this course inspired me to challenge myself and enjoy the learning process again. With each new project comes new puzzles to solve, and with each new language comes new obstacles to conquer and skills to master. On the whole, I\'m thrilled to be graduating with the confidence to take on the ever-changing field of web development.\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., To pad General Assembly\'s hiring statistics after you finish your immersive program, GA employs it\'s newly "educated" students to join the GA team as an Instructional Associate.\xa0\nAfter a three month drilling of a broad scope of knowledge, you\'re now going to be explaining your half-assed education to a new cohort of optimistic students. You are not going to learn the skillset of a Data Scientist in three short months. You\'ll have an idea of what it mean to be a Data Scientist, but you will be nowhere close to being a valued asset of any analytics team.\xa0\nHad I know of the GA shenanigans before I joined and finished DSI at the San Francisco Campus, I would have saved my time, money, and sanity and would have continued to grow the traditional way. Instead, a boot camp is nothing but false promises and overly idealistic beliefs. Don\'t make the same mistake.\nThis Review Is Helpful47Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Besides clearly removing negative reviews that members of my DSI cohort has written, General Assembly is the reincarnation of the likes of Devry and ITT Tech.\xa0\nFirst Warning Sign: Applying and Interviewing\xa0\nAn absolute and utter joke for an incredible math heavy and technical course.\xa0\nSecond Warning Sign: Instructors\nQuick to doubt and even quicker to shrug off. Students are not treated with respect. When youre paying an exorbitant $16,000 for a 12 week-course, you should get any assistance and help you desire. That is not the case at GA.\nFinal Warning Sign: Outcomes Team\nIndividuals who have never held a technicial position as a data analyst or data scientist are advising how, where, and why you should be applying to certain positions.\xa0\nI cannot reccommend GA to absolutely anyone. If you need a rundown on how to operate a business based on false promises and false statistics, you\'ve found the right place. There are much better and more affordable options than wasting your precious time and money at General Assembly.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful36Flag as inappropriate., Ladies better mind their p\'s and q\'s and keep your heads down. But isn\'t that always the case? I was sanctioned and told I\'m hostile for asking for help,\xa0for asking why things were structured the way they were\xa0(and I was top 3 at the head of my class). It\'s not my fault or any woman\'s fault that you feel threatened when you don\'t know as much, or get called out on it. That\'s not mine/a woman being hostile. That\'s sexism and intolerance feeling insecure and threatened by women.\nYou will notice there are around 0 women teachers (in technology). You will see they will try to tell you it\'s like 30% because design school. Not sure there are many more female staffers.\nHad to write a gender-balanced review here.\nThis Review Is Helpful19Flag as inappropriate., This is one of worst and most over-priced courses in London. I decided to take this course as it shows a solid content structure including a project development over a 10-week period, rather than the whole UK digital marketing course market, which are based on 2-day or 1-week workshop courses.\nLearning online optimization is really difficult due to you cannot monitor and expect immediate results as it is a long process and significant self-study time-investing to dominate it. So, why did I pay for a course if anyone can learn FREE surfing online?\nI said to myself “I have no time to spend exploring and learning digital skills by my own, so I need to pay for the best time-effective learning experience so\xa0I can apply knowlege efficiently & immediately”. So, I made a big effort to enroll to this course, as It has similar cost than university fees, almost 3000 pounds and over this if you take a funding option.\nWhat a disappointment!!, I feel legally scammed!!! The course is simply REALLY BAD, as It is running as it was a 1 day-workshop basis, i.e. the explanation is broadly and over-exploratory and backed-up for links to check. Therefore, What is the difference between this course and watch videos in YouTube? NOTHING, except I was so stupid to pay a lot of money for this.\nDuring a 10-week period, the course should have focused in learning quickly how to perform all minimum procedures requested to execute a digital marketing strategy, but this course does not do it because does not teach you fundamental steps to execute procedures.\nFor example, there is a SEO chapter where it must be taught things as how to perform effectively a keyword research or competitive analysis. All you have is an overview chat and a link to a 1000-page book to learn!!!! Or the Google Adwords lesson is pure theory, you never can put an Ad if you do not have a site which a previous Ad movement. So how can you learn effectively? It is the same to sit myself in a course video where I am not going to participate interactively. Poor value for money.\nThe course dynamics consists on an online pre-work (which is mostly run for a self-corrected software), a 2 x two-hour lesson per week and a weekly homework. The homework is based on the project but It is not corrected weekly, so you could have done a lot of work for nothing, as It may be wrong….this is not time-effective learning method at all.\nThe course teachers are a team: one is a field professional, another one is a class assistant and a coordinator (you will never see her/him in the course so omit her/him). I cannot criticize their professional knowledge about the study field, but they clearly did not have a good understanding of how to deliver the content syllabus of the course, making the learning experience deficient.\nThey do not revise course materials prior lessons as they just copied slides for another past course at other GA branch. Therefore, there are several contents that are not updated or simply they do not know to operate some tools indicated at the syllabus. In my opinion is an excessive relax approach to a teach a lesson, it is ok for a class to have a kind of fun environment with some music but I am not satisfied to pay to see teachers take it easy.\nThe project is another joke as there is not a project!!!!, it is only a slide presentation about how It should be developed the project!!! This is really poor as I came to the course to learn “HOW TO DO” things instead of that what I have got was “LOOK THIS IS THE LINK, LOOK THE VIDEO AND DO IT”. Hence, What do I pay if I can do and commit the same mistakes by my own?\nStay away for this course that clearly is not worthy for what is teaching, with the same money find a 1-on-1 education or pay for an internship to a professional agency, you will learn more and will have a better material for CV purposes. This course is not going to give you a real life-change career or help you how to execute a correct digital marketing to your business. IT IS THROWING YOUR MONEY TO THE TOILET!!!!\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful20Flag as inappropriate., In a world of mediocre and bad customer service these guys stand out above the rest. Called them to learn more about iOS development sessions available where the lady on the phone proceeds to try and convince me why I should be taking their web dev course instead. She than tried to setup me up with an "admissions counselor" but only reaches voicemail\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., I am in the 10 week FEWD bootcamp, with just 2 weeks to go. None of my projects or homeworks assignments have been reviewed or have any feedback posted to them. I\'ve asked my instructor a few times about it - he is always "gonna get to it tonight". Tried to see if my peers would share their past work with me, so i could see if I was on track/compare how we coded/see better ways to code the same things - but no one has \xa0responded back to me =(\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful13Flag as inappropriate., This course costs $13,500 as of this writing, and lasts roughly three months. That makes it roughly comparable to one semester at a state-run university. That’s in terms of both cost and time span. (Though regarding the time span, General Assembly is very honest when they say the course will consume your life for the duration. To continue to compare it to a traditional college, imagine a semester where every week was finals week.)\n\xa0\nSo, this isn’t like spending a few hundred dollars on an “Introduction to Web Development” course at your local community college. It’s a major commitment of time and money. Is it worth it? Here’s my analysis.\n\xa0\nWhen it comes to the course content, let’s be honest: you can get the same content free, or so cheap by comparison it might as well be free, from several web sites. GA is really offering “value added” material to the content. What are they adding?\n\xa0\nTo get a trivial one out of the way, they’re providing a physical classroom. It’s in a reasonably nice area of DC. \xa0The spaces are very “utilitarian”, nothing fancy. The classrooms are serviceable; maybe a little “cozy” if the class is full, but not too bad. They can have noise issues occasionally, if an adjacent room is boisterous, or the construction across the street is intense. The floors, annoyingly, are bare concrete. They need carpet. I mention that since I experienced the heart-stopping experience of watching my laptop drop off a desk onto the hard floor. It didn’t break, but a little carpet would have lowered my panic level.\n\xa0\nMore directly related to the course, they’re providing instructors. I found them all good to very good. I did find one to have an style that was overly laid back, but that’s a matter of taste; someone else might find him more approachable. I’m very grateful to one who was incredibly patient with me when I got behind in the class due to some health issues. \n\xa0\nTo my knowledge, they’re all self-taught, more-or-less, with some professional experience. They are not academic college professors, they’re teaching real-life programming. That’s not criticism; that’s exactly the point of the class, to teach students enough to get intro-level development jobs. If you’re looking for a deep dive into the merits of various sorting algorithms, this isn’t the place \xa0\n\xa0\nI never found the instructors lacking in knowledge. They know their material. I’m one who likes to ask probing questions in class, and they were happy to discuss them, even if they asked me to save it till after class. The class does reflect their knowledge; we only got a brief introduction to PHP, and they were honest that they all disliked it. \n\xa0\nI do take issue with some of the course content’s structure. Pretty much all of the content is on-line, in the form of a class calendar with links to the day’s material. The problem is that’s the only way to access it. I repeatedly asked for a master index, and was told it was in the works, but never got one. \n\xa0\nGA also gives you the ability to say “I completed this program”, which I assume would carry more weight with an employer than just completing a free on-line program. On the other hand, no matter how you learned web development, your own portfolio will speak the loudest. \n\xa0\nBut speaking of finding a job after class… another thing GA provides is “Outcomes” support, what might be called Job Placement Services at a typical college. This is where I have serious issues with GA.\n\nI will admit that I became contemptuous of the Outcomes process, and I let it show, much more than I should have. I’m going to try to keep this focused on systemic flaws with Outcomes, not my personal issues.\n\xa0\nRoughly a half day of each week is devoted to Outcomes. What they do varies from week to week. The best in my opinion were the guest speakers, people who work in the industry. We also got two weeks where we did site visits to companies that hire web developers. They were both to companies that might have been good places to work, but at least one has not been hiring web developers since the class ended! It’s still an interesting tour, but I think it would be more worthwhile to tour places that can say, “we expect to be hiring when your class finishes”! The Outcomes team was also somewhat arrogant in their scheduling. One site visit was scheduled for the day a major project was due. I pointed that out, and one of the Outcomes team informed me that I should schedule my time better. Pardon me, but no -- with what I’m paying for the class, they need to schedule better. \n\xa0\nThe rest of the Outcomes sessions were run by the Outcomes team themselves. There was lots of resume work, appropriately, but I feel it included an inordinate focus on a “vision statement” to put at the top of a resume. They never offered anything more than resume tweaks, students conducting mock interviews with each other, and other such things. They were also fond of surveys that were often repetitive and included questions I found silly. They’d occasionally add a little variety in the forms of “games” that would be good subjects for parodies in satires of corporate life like Dilbert or The Office. The sessions increasingly felt like a waste of time to me, and I considered “opting out” of the Outcomes process even before the end of the course. \n\xa0\nThe after course material was what led me to finally leave the Outcomes process behind. They have several requirements to continue to receive support from the Outcomes team, but I’ll just mention two. The first is to require to apply for ten jobs a week. That’s a little on the high side, in my opinion, but they also suggest the graduates be selective in where they submit resumes. No matter how much they insist otherwise, being selective and submitting ten resumes a week is contradictory. \n\xa0\nThey also initially requires graduates to come back to General Assembly once a week for Outcomes sessions, which consisted of a classroom portion, then a “small groups” session with one of the Outcomes team.. (They have dropped that requirement -- the classroom presentations are still held at GA, but are optional. Small groups can be conducted on-line, but are mandatory.)\n\xa0\nThe after-class sessions were complete wastes of time. We had two guest speakers that I can remember,. Unlike the speakers during the course, these were not worthwhile. The first was a woman who worked in recruiting for, I believe, a construction company in one of the western states, and ran a career coaching business on the side. She was a nice, pleasant speaker, but how much could she offer when the knew neither the technology industry nor the DC area? The second was a younger man with experience in junior level web development. All I remember about him was that he seemed very smug and arrogant.\n\xa0\nThe rest of the post-course sessions were more resume tweaking, mock interviews and pep talks, all of which I found a waste of time. \n\xa0\nGA also promotes their network of employers. It is nowhere near as impressive as they claim. It seems to be limited almost entirely to employers located in DC. That ignores two major high tech areas nearby -- the high tech corridor along the Dulles Toll Road in Northern Virginia, and the biotech corridor along the 270 spur in Maryland. (Despite being biotech focused, they have plenty of software work.)\n\xa0\nThey also have almost no network in the Federal sphere, either with the government agencies directly or the Federal contractor companies. I realize that many of GA’s students and alumni might view Federal work as something they’d never want to do, but ignoring Federal work in DC cuts out an extraordinary selection of jobs. It would be like ignoring the financial industry in New York City. \nUltimately, I feel GA was a waste of my time and money. The content of the course proper is worthwhile, but can be found much cheaper. The “Outcomes” support is of no use. \n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful22Flag as inappropriate., The data science immersive course at General Assembly was an awesome, mind-expanding, and super enjoyable experience. The curriculum is industry relevant and very practical, taught through both formal style lectures as well as hands on in class assignments and outside homework and capstone project. The course is definitely intense and fast-paced, you\'ll be writing code and learning all day long, so expect to work hard but have fun too!\xa0\nIn my cohort we started with learning python fundamentals and quickly learned much more advanced techniques as well as some object-oriented programming. From there, the course dives into foundational predictive modeling techniques like regression analysis and continues to build in complexity with more contemporary machine learning and big data topics. The instructors I had (David Yerrington and Kiefer Katovich) are exceptional teachers — highly experienced professionals who clearly love what they do. They were able to make very challenging topics approachable and highly engaging, motivating me to push myself outside my comfort zone and learn way more than I had ever expected in only three\xa0short months. I also can’t stress enough how much I learned from my fellow classmates, even if it was just learning from their mistakes! But real talk: Data Science is a broad field so you won’t learn everything\xa0but trying to emulate this kind of immersive learning environment by teaching yourself on your own or through a MOOC will be extremely difficult, if not impossible.\nIn terms of career support, even as a seasoned professional any job search has it\'s challenges. GA does a decent job of helping you with your resume, job search strategy, and some interview prep but at the end of the day it’s up to you to find a job you’ll be happy with. Having said that, since completing the course I have had several recruiters reach out to me completely unsolicited regarding analyst and data science positions. My capstone project also got me noticed by an awesome non-profit organization (that uses machine learning to prevent deforestation and poaching in tropical rainforest!) and I’ve recently started working with them as a part-time consultant.\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., I highly recommend UXD course I took in General Assembly. The school is very professional so staying there was a really nice experience.\nFrom the e-mail contact with TJ, providing information, organization and experienced team of instructors and mentors to the end of the course I was impressed how they were prepared. I met passionated people there. The school is open until 10 pm, which I found very helpful. I could stay there everyday and finish my projects. They have a huge lounge room where many of the students can chill, do their homework and chat. There you can eat your lunch, drink coffee etc.\xa0\n\nI also have to say that the course is very intensive, but I felt very comfortable at the same time. The advice, additional materials, videos etc. - everything was exactly on time :) I am going to take next course in GA, because it will save my time and shorten preparation. After this course you will have at least one completed presentation of your ux design process which you can add directly to your portfolio. They also can help you with resume and staff.\n\nThese people are very passionate about what they do and I would recommend their courses to anyone who is looking for new skills from people who are really supportive. This course triggered to open my mind, see perspectives and aims.\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., I\'m leaving this review for anyone considering the Android Development Immersive. I don\'t know much about the other courses offered by GA\xa0except that if you want the highest chance of getting a job you should take the Web Development Immersive for reasons I\'ll explain later in this review.\nAs things are now, if you really want to take this course\xa0and are able to comprehend a very basic amount of html for the code challenge required before your interview you will be admitted. Honestly, if you are willing to get a loan or pay for this course you are obviously serious about learning this skill. I came into the program with very basic prior experience in mobile development and the coding languages used. This would be my recommendation for others\xa0considering I am one of the two\xa0students out of five in the class that has a job\xa0100+ days after graduation. The other student with a job also had some prior experience with Java, which is the main language used for Android development. They will let you into the course without any prior knowledge and suggest that you take a Java primer before starting, but I would think hard about going through an online course beforehand. There are so many free resources out there, there\'s really no reason not to learn as much of the\xa0basics as you can before you start to this expensive course.\nOne of the biggest obstacles to learning to develop software is getting over the hurdles of beginning to learn a new language. I went through all the hair-pulling beforehand of just wrapping my head around coding languages and object-oriented programming structures. You don\'t want to have this struggle coupled with the logic learning and architecture you have to learn as well during the course. Having some prior knowledge\xa0allowed me to consume the course material at it\'s very fast and condensed pace.\nThe course material itself is still being perfected and tested at the time of this review, but that does not mean it is not effective. I have been able to secure a position at a large and growing development company that handles apps for clients with 10+ million\xa0user bases. I count myself very lucky, and I have worked very hard during the 12-week course and the 100 or so days after that it took me to get hired.\nWhat really helped in regards to the actual course material was having two amazing instructors. GA hires professionals who have proven themselves in their field and this really allows for practical, real-world-applicable\xa0learning that is hard to get in a college classroom. These instructors know the ins-and-outs of the industry and the resources you need to always be up-to-speed on what\'s happening in the developer community.\nGA also has a well-developed structure and connections to get you involved in the community (at least at the Austin location) which is another major reason the program was effective.\nAfter the course, we were given job assistance, but since the ADI is so new, GA is still working on solidifying relationships with companies that need Android developers. As I alluded earlier, this is one of the reasons WDI students get jobs so quickly and at high percentages (the WDI program has been around much longer and GA has much deeper roots with companies in this field). Don\'t let this deter you too much though, because the job hunt really is on you and GA didn\'t completely leave us hanging. To further our education, GA set up each student\xa0with\xa0mentors (in our case two\xa0each because of our small class size) who are\xa0senior developers at major companies in Austin. This is how I got connected with my current job and gained some very important insight into becoming a professional and contributing developer. Use the mentor program as much as you can. This is how you raise your skill level exponentially after graduation and can compete against others with years of experience.\nIt is possible to succeed with this program,\xa0and you can do it if you really want it. It\'s all on you\xa0though, and of course nothing is guaranteed. But GA is good about doing their best to give you what you need to succeed. Many people take their courses for a reason, just be prepared to work very hard for it.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., I took the data science immersive 12-week bootcamp during my work sabbatical in SF. It\'s a combination of programming statistics, problem solving, and modeling. Class size can vary from 15-22 students for roughly 3 full time instructors, with additional late-night support from teaching assistants. The students had college to 9+ year\xa0backgrounds.\nInstructors: the SF instructors all have had multiple years of\xa0experience in PhD level research, tech startups or\xa0data science companies. Our instructors lead the bootcamp\xa0for the love of teaching, and to take a break from doing startup work. They were excellent! They taught the standard 40 hours of class, and made extra time to assist students outside of class, or grab a quick meal afterwards. They covered the standard materials + because of our class\' interest: elective lectures on reinforcement learning, neural networks, image recognition,\xa0advanced NLP. They were open to feedback, and tailored the class to ensure that everyone was learning, with some one-on-one sessions as needed. I enjoyed all the instructors, found their lessons to be engaging, and that there was a good cycle of lecture, labs, homework, gameshow-like review and open group discussions. My instructors were Dave and Kiefer, hilarious guys, super-approachable, and always eager to help in and out of the classroom.\nTeaching Approach:\xa0The course and teacher philosophy is to teach theory and have a real-life hands-on examples for each of the lectures. The main product from taking this course, (or any of the Metis / Galvanize courses) is a extended Capstone project. Day-to-day\xa0there\'s about 4-5 hours of lecture, and the remaining time is interactive labs / in-class projects. Each week there was a "take-home" project to complete that covered the previous week\'s content. Near week 10 / 11, the take-home projects end, and the focus is on each student developing their own capstone the lectures turn into topics of interest, and there\'s heavy project Q+A assistance.\nContent :\xa0\xa0This is not primarily a CS 101 course. I would recommend people to study some introduction to python classes (also offered by GA) before taking this immersive, trying to learn CS 101 at the same time as statistical methods can be taxing. Any exposure to data analysis (excel) will be immensely helpful.\nThe course was only 1 week on python review, and then the class dived into understanding statistical topics and methods, statistical interpretation, and general data-science problem-solving approaches. Data science is a dense subject. I loved the class, it covered more topics than i expected, but I recommend this course as a great\xa0core course for statistical analysis, but a "starter" course for advanced machine learning techniques such as neural networks, reinforcement learning, image recognition, and natural language processing. While these were covered in class, each of these topics are so deep that each\xa0could have been its own multi-week course.\nPacing: this isnt\' GA specific but all bootcamps/immersives: it\'s a full-time commitment. It\'s 40 hours of classroom, then take home projects, and then the large capstone project at the second half of the class. It\'s a LOT of content in a short amount of time. I would also set any students expectation that learning that much for 12 weeks is a lot. Be prepared to take notes/archive/log\xa0everything you absorb so you can review the material after the course is over.\xa0\nCommunity:\xa0From my cohort, and my friends cohort, one of the strongest aspects of GA\'s immersive is the community. The class diversity was great. My class of 22 was closely knit,\xa0still keep in touch, and\xa0contributed throughout\xa0from our diverse backgrounds in\xa0econometrics, finance, bio research, or tech. Anyone can sit through an 12-week online-video course at home, but you would miss out on having 22 other people for study groups, conference groups,\xa0projects partners, happy hour buddies, and\xa0so much peer-to-peer help.\xa0It has been invaluable. I believe the GA brand as well as the screening process has been good at recruiting motivated,\xa0collaborative, and eager learners.\nConclusion:\xa0Overall I really enjoyed the course, would recommend to anyone interested in expanding their data-analysis toolset beyond the SQL / Excel / \xa0python / math/ computer science\xa0experience.\xa0This course will explain the core concepts for statistical analysis, and set a good path forward for advanced machine learning. General Assembly has some great instructors, and a great community. This class is great at equipping students and enhancing skill sets, to pivot into data analytics,\xa0but not going to be a silver bullet to immediately get a job as a experienced data scientist. The content is too deep and complex for that\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., Background about myself:\n- Recently graduated with a BS in Computer Science\n- Part of DSI-SF-2\n- Took this course to be able to pursue a career that incorporates data.\nOverall Experience:\nIn terms of the material, I had a great experience learning and understanding the vast machine learning models and AWS products. Initially the pace of the class was a little slow; however, after week 2 it started ramping up. Both the instructors (Dave & Kiefer) are skilled in the material and are willing to put extra effort to make sure everyone understands the material. In terms of job assistance, more time could be put into the different industries and the concentrations of Data Scientist. DSI is still a new program and I\'m sure the job assistance will be better as the cohorts continue.\nAfter Graduation:\nGA is known for their sense of community during and after the course. Most of my classmates would meet up to work on homework, attend conferences, and practice common interview questions. With the help and support of my career coach, instructors, and classmates, I was able to find a Data Engineer position that allows me to use the skills learned both in my degree and this program.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., First off a bit of background on me by which to use to judge my assessment:\n\n\nI came into the program with 10 years of work experience in data analytics/BI roles in financial services. I enjoyed the more technical bits of my job and had dabbled with machine learning in my free time and wanted to pursue a career where these would be my primary focus. I decided a boot camp would be the best way to upgrade these skills in a hurry. \n\n\nI was in the 2nd DSI cohort in San Francisco\n\n\nI am the instructional assistant for the 4th cohort\n\n\nInstructors\nThe instructors for my cohort were David Yerrington and Kiefer Katovich. I found Dave and Kiefer to\xa0complement each other well with Kiefer coming from an academic background with strengths in\xa0statistics and experimental design and Dave’s experience being from industry with a heavy focus on recommender systems and engineering/big data. I felt that collectively they were very strong in all of the material covered in class and had the work experience to provide context for all of the models that were covered. Both instructors were receptive to feedback and were good about making themselves available and tailoring the class to meet the students needs (adjusting pace, adding time for additional reviews, and making themselves available after hours, etc)\nCurriculum\nOverall I felt the curriculum was pretty strong. You cover the full data science gamut all the way from collecting and cleaning data to building and evaluating a number of different types of models and everything inbetween. The class covers the basics of python,\xa0statistics, and linear algebra\xa0that are the underpinning of machine learning models as well. Towards the end of class you get exposure to some of the big data technologies used in industry. Both instructors took care to explain the intuition and practical application between all of the models with an emphasis on providing examples and visualizations to really drive new concepts home. For those looking for the mathematical proofs this was usually left as supplemental material in the appendix of lessons. All and all I believe that the class gave me an excellent foundation in the entire data science process by which to build on in my career. \nJob Assistance\nThis is the one area that GA needs to place some extra focus on in regards to the data science program. To be clear I have found the career coaches to be incredibly supportive and responsive. Similar to what they’ve done in the user experience and web development spaces GA needs to grow their data science network. This will help to provide a more natural pipeline for both networking opportunities for students as well as job opportunities. I’m sure this will improve with time but I would really like to see growth in this regard. \nOverall\nI’ve seen some reviews saying that this class is not a silver bullet, by which you spend 3 months and you’re set for a brand new data science role, especially with no relevant experience beforehand. I believe that is 100% accurate. I would recommend this class to anyone that either A) has a solid stats/math background, B) has a computer programming background, or C) is a SQL ninja doing data analytics currently. I believe that anyone that has at least a couple years with any of these under their belt would benefit from this program and could use it to accelerate their career. If you’re coming in totally cold I would recommend spending the better part of 3-6 months building up a foundation in linear algebra, stats, and programming beforehand. It’s just not realistic to pick this up from scratch in 3 months. This class should be a bullet point on a resume, not your entire resume.\xa0\nOverall I was very happy with the program. I felt that the class gave me a very strong foundation that will serve me well as I continue to learn and grow in my career. Is there room for improvement in the program? Absolutely, as would be expected for a relatively new program. That said I feel the staff is very good about collecting feedback and iterating the program and continually refining and improving.\xa0All and all I would say if you\'re a person that has a quantitative and technical bent and is curious this is a great program for fast tracking your move into data science.\nThe last thing I\'ll mention is that there is a strong push to build a sense of community within GA and the cohort. I can\'t tell you how valuable I found this during the class and after. You would see the benefits of this manifest in a number of ways including: students forming study groups to work through labs and homework, team happy hours after class, groups going to networking events including conferences and meetups together, and even having study sessions and interview prep whiteboarding practice together. I will say that this is one of the\xa0things that sets apart a bootcamp like this from learning online from a MOOC. I know that in the years to come I will be tapping into this network that I have built out during my time at GA.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate.]', '[After researching different coding bootcamps, I settled on GA due to their flexible curriculum, job support and mainly due to my experience interviewing with them. They have a relaxed, nurting culture on campus that extends to all students and makes you instantly feel like part of the GA family.\nMy time spent doing the Web Development Immersive was simulataneously inspiring, stressful, life-changing and crazy. The course structure is very flexible, allowing for changes in the ever-changing web development landscape and the instructors are the most inspiring, knowledgable, personable people I\'ve come into contact with. The amount you cover in such a short space of time is truly outstanding and, as long as you put in the work, you will leave feeling you can actually code!\xa0\nAfter graduation and with the support of the team I was able to secure my dream job within six weeks. It felt like a big risk to leave a full-time role and take this on but I can say it was completely worth it!\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., The immersive course was an incredibly rewarding experience. It\'s an intense programme that not only teaches a range of coding languages but moreover the ability to learn. I never thought that I could absorb so much information in such a short space of time.\nThe experience would not have been the same without the fantastic GA community and their continuing support. I have had the pleasure to learn and grow with a wonderful cohort and I have made friends for life.\nCoding has fuelled my love for design, something that my previous\xa0career in Accounting\xa0lacked. Now I\'m excited to pursue full stack\xa0developer roles, GA have been activley supporting my job search as part of the\xa0Outcomes programme with regular events and 1-1 meetings. My time at GA has truly exceeded all expectations!\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I just graduated from the WDI at GA in Melbourne. It\'s a very fast-moving course designed to push you to your learning and making limits. WDI is not for the faint-hearted. The nature of the\xa0bootcamp is sink or swim – you really have no choice but to swim. You\'re forced to keep up with new concepts, theories and frameworks and it\'s really good and difficult. That\'s why you\'re there – to learn.\n\r\nThe course instructors were\xa0qualified, approachable and encouraged us to solve the problems first. They were careful not to give away too much because part of learning is doing and finding solutions for yourself. That\'s what will make you a good developer. Of course, a lot of tips and short cuts were shared.\n\r\nGA Melbourne staff were really friendly and supportive. Our course producer was very meticulous and ensured all our needs were met and\xa0support was always there when where we needed it – especially with any learning difficulties and/or career counselling. The outcomes program is quite solid with very practical advice on job searching and personal branding. We also went to see three work environments - a start-up, digital agency and product company, which were exciting windows into industry and what\'s to come.\xa0\n\r\nOverall, WDI at GA Melbourne\xa0was a fantastic experience. I would highly recommend it.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., For Background: After 3 years working in a finance and tech-ish field where I worked closely with (but didn\'t understand) the tech team, I decided to try to learn to code.\nThe Search: I probably didn\'t vet as many bootcamps as most do. Having seriously looked at two other courses, I decided GA had the more wholistic experience without being well over my head. Once I\'d decided on GA, I came very close to choosing UX but I really wanted a hard skill and was worried UX didn\'t provide the deep problem sovling I thought Dev would.\nThe Program: The 12 longest weeks of my life, in the absolute best way. Truly, I didn\'t belive the human brain was capible of learning that much. Advice I would have taken if I did it all over again. 1.) Go to EVERY office hour. You\'re paying a lot for this course and the instructors are all amazing, kind, and smart\xa0people who are all gifted in teaching others- stick around and talk to them. 2.) Code all but one day a week. There were weekends where I didn\'t touch code at all and others where I coded throughout- try to find a balance that\'s healthy but keeps you immerced. 3.) Do. The. Homework. It\'s not for anyone but you, the feedback you get is UBER helpful and you might want to refrence it in months to follow the program. It\'ll let you know what you\'re struggling with when the instructor isn\'t holding your hand in a code-along. 4.) Enjoy it- You\'re doing an amazing thing for yourself! It\'s super stressful, but don\'t forget that this is a life-long learning career so if you don\'t get something you have a lot of time post-course to understand and\xa0there\'s a decent chance no one else understands either (no matter how alone you feel). 5.) If you can\'t tell from above, you\'re going to be (should be) investing all of your time here. Prepare for a 12 week intermision from your normal life.\nAfter Graduating: This is the roller coaster no one really prepares you for. You\'ll go through all of the ups and downs you did while in the course but you\'ll feel more alone. Cannot emphasize how important it is to KEEP CODING and go to a meetup ever week or so. Meet up with GA friends, software devs you know and read blogs to stay up-to-date on stuff. I applied to quite a few jobs and my success rate was stagaringly low; this is just the numbers game. Try to remember there are a lot of variables in the hiring process (timing, funding, who\'s currently on the team, luck) so keep in mind that you are employable and that it just takes time.\nSummary: Beyond glad I took this leap- I think it\'s the hardest thing I\'ve ever done and I feel proud to have finished and endlessly grateful to be a part of the General Assebly family!\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., I recently (as in a week ago) graduated from General Assembly Austin\'s Web Development Immersive and am over the moon with my whole experience. You can read my mushy love letter to them on medium here:\xa0https://medium.com/@bryonymc/a-love-letter-to-my-programming-school-d8cd2f9332bf#.dxdl24xeb\nbut to highlight some key points for future bootcampers to help you with your search:\xa0\nFind a\xa0school that embodies the environment you aim to work in post-graduation. \nLike follows like, and if you want to work at an open, accepting company with a work hard, play hard\xa0mentality, than you should find programs that match that culture. During my search I found a few schools that seemed great on paper, but all their photos showed a bunch of men staring at screens in a sad cramped office...why? Despite a fluke* of being the only woman in my cohort, I still found that the type of people drawn to GA are more diverse, more open-minded and creative, and therefore more supportive - which is what you want when you\'re halfway through the course and rethinking all your life choices.\xa0\n*Special Note: for women interested in bootcamps I strongly recommend GA - it really was a fluke that I was the only woman in my cohort. All the other cohorts, past and present, have\xa0women (although it is representative of the ratio of women to men in tech, but that\'s not a reflection of the school, rather an issue with the industry). \xa0\nDon\'t underestimate the importance of complementary portions of the program. \n(1) Coding 24/7 doesn\'t = fancy new job post-grad. It takes a considerable amount of work to get a job in the tech industry so don\'t assume tech credentials is a bypass for all the other parts of the application/interview process. The only way to get those fun, slide-in-the-lobby cultures is to hire cool, fun people - which you won\'t be if you code 24/7. GA does an excellent job of encouraging (or insisting, for those who need tough love) to go to meetups, go to happy hours, network, connect, make friends... aka, be a human.\xa0\n(2) Make sure your school actually takes Career coaching seriously (GA calls it Outcomes). Some schools might give face to the topic but don\'t actually factor it in as an important part of the program. At GA we met with our Outcomes Coach\xa0(GA hires a full-time person to take on this role, another sign they take it seriously) once a week for deep-dive sessions on relevant topics for improving our opportunities post-grad from networking and\xa0resume/portfolio building to\xa0developing a personal brand and more. These are important "soft" skills to understand and practice regardless of what industry you are in. Even\xa0better, GA\'s coach remains available to you\xa0post-grad to continue helping you until you get the job you want.\xa0(Shout out to our awesome GA coach Nicole, you da best!)\xa0\n*Special note: I had a different idea of what I wanted to do for my career post-grad and rather than shutting down my hopes and dreams, Nicole and GA were supportive of my goals and helped tailor the curriculum to meet my objectives. Personalized learning is the hallmark of a great school!\xa0\nResearch your instructors backgrounds.\xa0\nYou want instructors who understand current trends in the industry. Work experience in the industry is vitally important (they\'ve been on the frontlines), but also making sure they understand that the tech industry changes every day...so the languages they programmed in a year ago are no longer relevant. There are people, in every industry, who try to insist that the knowledge they have is still important, despite it gradually becoming obselete. You don\'t want these people as your instructors - they won\'t teach you the skills or languages you need to be current with today\'s jobs. At GA they are all about updating the curriculum to match current/future trends (for example, my cohort spent two weeks on React, whereas the group before spent more time on Ruby, and the next one is learning Python). You want a school that adapts and grows with the industry, and instructors who can do the same (happily, not begrudgingly). I had two bad-ass teachers (shoutout\xa0to Riley and Britney Jo!) who loved learning new skills and definitely imparted that passion for keeping up with current trends\xa0to our class as a vital method for staying relevant in a fast-paced industry.\xa0\nThe staff at GA Austin is also awesome and provided that external support in hosting happy hours and fun opportunities for bonding (friends-giving!\xa0halloween party! oh my!). GA Austin is housed in WeWork which also gets a shoutout for providing an atmosphere conducive to learning - very open, relaxed and friendly.\xa0\nIf you read this far, thanks! Best of luck in your search and future career in tech!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., My time at GA has been amazing (not to be confused with easy). I came here because I wanted to find a career that would challenge me, and continue to challenge me. It has certanily delivered. GA gave me the opportunity to learn a set of skills that are marketable, but it has also given me a support system. My instructors are my friends, my classmates are my friends, and the alumni\xa0are my friends. I was blown away when I realized that, even though I\'ve graduated, I can\xa0still be an active part of the GA world.\xa0My job assistance help has been phenominal, as well. I simply can\'t understand how one woman is able to assist so many people at one time, but she does it. And the help she offers is catered to each individual - it must be magic. To sum it up, my experience has been very challenging, but I have never been without support and encouragement. I haven\'t been handed anything, but rather, shown that I can do it myself with hard work and determination.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The Web Development Immersive at General Assembly SF\xa0was a life-changing experience for me, and really what I needed to make my dream become a reality. To begin with, the space is beautiful and conducive to creativity. The instructors and other staff were always extremely kind and helpful. The curriculum was in-depth, expansive, and pragmatic. We covered core material through the full-stack and also gained valuable knowledge in the interview process, data-structures/algorithms, teamwork, documentation, etc. GA\'s positive\xa0atmosphere attracts great students that I am most glad I had the chance to work with.\xa0\nI think the WDI at GA was such a good fit for me because of the preparation I had done before looking into it. I had already been teaching myself the fundamentals of programming and front-end web development beforehand. The course moves fast; the prior knowledge made it manageable for me to pick up new things quickly, debug on my own, and taught me where to look when I got stuck. Also before GA, I was meeting with people in the field to build a strong network I could reach out to when I finally did have the necessary skills. Through this, I was able to get interviews right after graduation from GA and was hired in a software developer position\xa0within a few weeks. However, without our WDI lessons on interviewing, using new libraries, and take-home coding challenges ---- I doubt I would\xa0have performed well!\nIf you are looking into bootcamps, I would highly suggest GA. But, I think (pretty much for all bootcamps) you should definitely take a lot of time teaching yourself first; there\'s lots of free online resources (I\'d recommend Udacity courses). For a beginner, I\'d say before applying to GA ---- a consistent 20hrs a week\xa0of learning on your own for 3-4 months\xa0can do wonders for your experience. During that time you can also read up on the field, go to lots of meetups, and grab coffee with people in jobs you\'re interested in. Regardless though, GA has strong curriculum, amazing instructors, and a dedicated outcomes (jobs) team. If you are just beginning to code, you will still have lots of assistance with the lessons and career development throughout the course. However, the more prepared you are coming in ---- the more exponentially your skills can grow, and the faster you can achieve your dream.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., \xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\nMy company signed me up for this course so that I could pick up some SQL and Tableau skills, but I think I went in knowing more than the instructor already.\nShe had never even done a read through of the course ppt, and was surprised at things that would come up. She was unsure how to problem solve even small issues that came along, and if you asked her anything that wasn\'t right there on the screen she would tell you to just google it.\xa0\nFurther the administration is poorly run, and took 4 months to return my deposit, and only did so after I chased over 5 times.\nMy company is looking to train more people in Tableau and the one thing I tell them is to NEVER send anyone to GA.\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., I decided on a career change in my early 30s when I was unhappy with my career in the medical field. I had done some simple HTML and CSS in the past, and so I decided to take General Assembly\'s part-time Front-End Web Development night class while I was working full time.\xa0 Though it was a difficult schedule, I am glad I decided to ease myself into learning the basics of Javascript, HTML and CSS at the time. I decided to quit my job a month later and begin the Web Development Immersive course, a full-time intensive bootcamp that lasts about three months. I took out a private loan and several credit cards in order to finance my studies and life for that period of time. There\'s a reason they call it a "bootcamp" - it is very difficult, time-consuming, and fast-paced!\xa0 I was prepared for all of these things, and I found General Assembly\'s community really helpful if I encountered any difficulties along the way.\xa0 Fellow students were open, kind and encouraging. Teachers were AMAZING - incredibly knowledgeable, supportive and genuinely nice people. The curriculum was well-formed and organized, and I was lucky to have the same organized, knowledgeable and helpful course producer (Mercedes) from my part-time Front-End course.\xa0 I felt that the outcomes (how to get a job after the course) was well organized and catered to most of the students who didn\'t have any experience with things like writing a technical resume and making yourself look like an excellent candidate on LinkedIn.\nYou will get out what you put in. I studied 7 days a week and used many outside resources (both online and buying books on JavaScript) to help me get the in-depth knowledge I knew I\'d need to show that I was competent enough to be an entry-level software developer.\xa0 After graduating, I realized what benefited me most by taking the course was the group projects. When learning programming on your own, it\'s rare to be able to work on a team on GitHub or to use git to the extent you do in the real world. GA\'s procedure of making everyone learn how to work together on a development project introduced me to how I\'d be working and interacting with future coworkers.\xa0 It took me approximately 75 days after graduating to get my first contract, and I got my second contract a week after that!\xa0 I landed at that second job and I\'ve been working there for three months now and I absolutely love it.\xa0\nThe job hunt:\xa0 It is stressful, it\'s hard. The days and weeks after graduation are even more difficult and grueling than the actual bootcamp. I applied for literally hundreds of jobs, contacted so many hiring managers and lead software developers on LinkedIn and other places, and I received so many rejections - too many to count! But, I stuck with GA\'s Outcomes planning and documented everything I did and took advantage of all of the after-graduation meet-ups, talks, etc, to ensure I was networking to the fullest extent.\xa0 In addition, I was always on a new project. I refactored my first GA project, and then moved on to teach myself new JavaScript frameworks on my own.\nFor me, it was a sacrifice of time and finances, but I feel I used the resources GA made available to every student to the greatest extent I possibly could and that made all the difference and my life is entirely different and 100% better than it was just a year ago!\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., I took the full time product management immersve and it was a great jumping off point for my career in product. Getting a PM role can be very difficult but under the guidance of my instructors, who were season product people themselve,\xa0I landed a role six weeks after graduation. This is not to say that I got the role easily. Working hard in the course and getting prepped for job hunting with the resources at GA was key.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., This program was\xa0a major financial setback. The price you pay does not match the quality you pay for. There is no set curriculum for each class, I\'ve sat in on an instructor meeting and they typically create it 2-3 weeks before the class launch. This causes a lot of unexpected errors to go in class and makes the whole experience lackluster.\xa0\nA lot of the instructors are past students who "know" the curriculum enough to teach it. The presentation of core concepts and fundaments was random. I did not feel like each class connected nor did I feel like my skills were developing throughout the 12 weeks.\xa0\nThis did not feel like a classroom but more of a "hangout" spot. GA does a good job dressing up their facilities and portraying their environment as "trendy/hip/techy". Although I did build good relationships with the people around me. Mostly because we all had common feelings about how GA was a waste of time.\nThere were happy hours and hot UX/UI girls walking around all the time, but that\'s pretty much it.\xa0\nYou\'re giving a lot of false hope about becoming a developer from 12 weeks of irrelevant training. The saddest day for me was our Demo Day (graduation day) - there was so much promise of this being the big day for students to present to potential employers. Nope not even one, it was all students.. parents.. instructors..\xa0That point I knew I had took a huge financial burden, yielding nothing but bits and pieces of knowledge.\nWhile I was applying to jobs I was laughed at by every employer. I was not prepared to handle the truth. It took me time to actually develop some skill, but that was all on my own from using resources like udemy/treehouse/lynda.\nThis is my honest experience at GA, you guys are just another venture backed start up racking up the dollars from the rest of the world.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful66Flag as inappropriate., I decided to take the class after I was struggling to learn JS by myself. I needed some kind of structure to force me to be more serious about learning the language. I then decided to take this class. I couldn\'t have been happier to made that decision.\nFrom the first day to the last, the class content was very engaging and practical. That is the key aspect of any educational program now: to teach you something that you can start using or be close to using as soon as you walk out of class. Avand Amiri, our instructor, was probably one of\xa0the best instructors I\'ve had in my entire life. He was easygoing, clear in the way he taught, and always bringing his previous experiences with the ways he had used the concepts in the past (box-sizing, flexbox, stylesheets, functions, etc.). Every class I came out knowing something new and something that I could go back home to experiment with.\nIf you are on the fence on whether to take a class or not you should go for it. Investing 6 hours for ten weeks will go a loooong way in helping you learn the most important language of the future: programming.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate.]', '[General Assembly was an incredible place to kickstart my digital marketing career.\xa0 I came from a start-up background where all aspects of digital marketing were more or less "self-taught."\xa0 So it was the right place to learn the latest real-world concepts and trends, and actually put them into action with colleages with really diverse experience.\xa0\nKeep in mind, DM is such a broad skillset, and the course is a good way to get an OVERVIEW and understanding of digital marketing.\xa0 I recommend it for people who want to know "what\'s out there/where to go next" as opposed to people who\'ve already worked in the industry a couple years.\xa0\xa0\nBut overall, it\'s a great experience, and everyone\'s super welcome to an exchange of ideas and resources.\xa0 I took the DM course in Los Angeles, and then became an instructional associate when I moved to San Francisco a year later.\xa0 You\'ll always get what you put into it--do the work, ask for help, get involved.\xa0 It\'s worth it!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I thoroughly enjoyed the above course. It was very intense but by the end of the week I was so motivated and enspired. I learnt so many new things and got some great ideas for generating leads. It was the first time the course had been run over a week. It was full on but really effective. The teachers were always available to assist me at any time. I have now taken on new ideas for our website and analytics and adwords.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I had such a great week building up my UX Design skills. The content was all industry based which means that I can apply it all to real life work and situations. It was great to have a class size of only 13 people which I think is optimal for being able to create a good classroom dynamic, and the avaliability of two instructors (who created a wonderful working environment and enhanced the ability to share ideas) was also really helpful. Feedback was always taken on board, and students were able to contribute to the direction of the class.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., An intense 10 weeks but very rewarding. I\xa0recommend people with design/graphics backgrounds who want to expand their tool kit if they\'re looking for a new career change with transferable\xa0skills. A great environment for learning with solid instructors and support from the GA Team.\nThis Review Is Helpful10Flag as inappropriate., I loved it.\nFor me, it was worth the investment for 3 main reasons: 1) I got to cut my teeth on heaps of new skills and techniques in a great learning environment.\xa02) I gained 600 hours of experience honing a UX arsenal\xa0and got a taste of what living and breathing design is like in the real world. 3) I bought into an amazing network in Melbourne.\xa0And not only\xa0my classmates and fellow GA alumni, but the 50+ industry people I met throughout the course, many of whom I\xa0now work\xa0with.\xa0\nThat being said, you will get out of this course what you put in. My 600 hours came from 20 hours outside class per week. And through it all,\xa0I was able to ask questions, make mistakes, share ideas, and learn exponentially about the world of UX design.\nIt took me 48 days to get a full-time job offer after the Meet & Greet networking event following the course, and I had support from GA the whole time. I even had several spontaneous meetings with potential employers just from working on campus after the course.\xa0\nI\'ve cut pages out of this review, because I could go on and on about\xa0my great experience in UXDI6.\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I went back to university\xa0and\xa0took a couple of coding subjects after deciding I wanted a career change. I really liked the content of my course\xa0but wanted to learn in a more intensive setting. A friend recommended GA and\xa0I saw the WDI\xa0course lined up well with the summer holidays, so I decided to give it a go. The WDI is the best thing I have ever done for myself. My classmates and I\xa0coded 5 days a week for 12 weeks and learned the fundamentals of full-stack web developement. We\xa0worked on individual and group projects, and built a portfolio to help with our job searches.\xa0Since finishing I have been coding as a freelancer\xa0and recently secured a permanent\xa0position as a junior developer. I really can\'t recommend GA highly enough!\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., To give you a glimpse into my journey, I was years removed from college, working service industry jobs with only a small amount of graphic design internships under my belt. I was seriously lacking in the skills and needed a major turn-around. I began to turn my attention to user experience design in an attempt to carve a different path, while also recognizing that it would be an\xa0appropriate move that supported my current skills.\nThe instructors and\xa0the\xa0other students\xa0(if that\'s the appropriate term)\xa0in my cohort were top class. It was a great way to get hands-on and very collaborative. A truly immersive experience. They provided us with the means to get the experience we needed. The way that I look at is this: General Assembly only benefits me if I get a job. Luckily, I got a job. So, yes, it worked. I have so much thanks to Nicole (outcomes career coach)\xa0and Katy (partnerships lead) because they were the ones that referred me to my current job. Who knows where I\'ll\xa0be in the long run, but GA was the stepping stone that gave me\xa0the boost I needed--and we all know that first big step is the hardest one to take.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., The course was very intensive (as promised) and you did find yourself running on a treadmill at 21 speed level, hanging on for dear life, but that was only the first few lessons for the 1 week accelerated course. It was amazing how by the third session everything just...fell into place and the clouds parted - it all just, made sense.\xa0\nThe instructors were experienced and well knowledged. The mix of students and experience just topped off all the learnings\nStaff were super helpful , friendly and the venue was bright and welcoming.\xa0\nSo glad I did the course and valudated my work experience with it. Signing up for\xa0more courses soon.\xa0\nThanks guys\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I was a classic case of finishing a Uni degree and still had no idea what to do. I love technology and fast pace learning, so GA was perfect for me. A few weeks after graduation I started the WDI immersive course.\nBecause I chose to do it over the summer, I really lucked out, with a small class that I had a great time with, 2 great instructors,\xa0and a personal connection with all the staff that seemed to really care about your outcome.\xa0\nThe course taught me a lot about coding and development, but in a way that taught me to enjoy and learn about the industry, which is the most important skill in the fast paced tech world these days. When I finished, I was so confident that I could accomplish something and my career tradjectory, for the first time in my life, actually existed.\nI now have a great job that I love, but what is more important is that I have a career that I love and am very excited about where it can take me. Everything about it excites me, and GA help me get there.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., TL;DR - it was truly a transformative experience and I am very glad I took the WDI course at General Assembly.\xa0\nFor those of you wanting details...\nAfter working in the tech industry in non-technical positions, I finally decided to take the leap and began codeschool at General Assembly.\xa0\nThough in the industry, I myself lacked any real technical knowledge outside of some CSS selectors and some regex. So, like the naive caterpillar I was, I entered the GA cocoon and 12 weeks later, emerged a beautiful technical butterfly.\xa0\nDon\'t get me wrong, those 12 weeks of class are intense and stressful, long long long days and a touch of being overwhelmed. But once you land that job and start a new career that you enjoy, the pain fades quickly and you\'re left with a badass new skillset and a FANTASTIC community. The folks at GA are simply A+ humans and I\'m happy that they\'re in my life.\xa0\nI think the biggest thing to understand is that you\'ll get out of this experience what you put into it. If you want to be a developer, you\'re going to not only have to bust your ass in class, but you\'ll also need to be working on developing those skills outside of class. You have to learn to teach yourself and learn to stretch and grow constantly. You\'re not going to learn everything you need to know in 12 short weeks, but you\'ll establish a really solid foundation to continue learning with.\xa0\nI think the other thing worth noting is that you don\'t have to be a developer if you take this class. In my current role, I am a basically a technical consultant for clients implementing our product. I don\'t write a lot of code, but I read code and debug code and solve complicated issues every day, and I love it. There are a lot of different paths that you can take after finishing GA\'s WDI course. The career counselor there (shout out to Nicole in Austin... she\'s amazing) will help you figure out what jobs are out there and what speaks to you.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I graduated from the User Experience Design Immersive course at General Assembly in April\xa02016. The immersive course is challenging but definitely worth its weight in gold.\nThroughout the course I was given the opportunity to practice the UX craft in a supportive environment with guidance from experienced instructors. As the title suggests, you are fully immersed in the course every single day for 10 weeks and I abosolutely loved it. I learnt so much during those 10 weeks and met some of the greatest people.\xa0\nOne of the great things about\xa0GA is the collaborative environment which helped me\xa0to build my UX network, meet mentors, connect with\xa0industry contacts, potential employers\xa0and lifelong friends.\xa0\nI was able to gain so much more out of the course than one would initially think & still reaping the benefits now.\xa0It was amazing to see my own evolution during the course and I can safely\xa0say that this course was a pivotal moment for myself & some of my peers.\xa0\nI worked a number of contract jobs after I graduated through contacts that I made through General Assembly & currently working as a UX Designer agency side.\xa0\nAll in all, I would definitely do it all over again.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., \xa0\nI always thought about programming as an \'unnecessary evil\' until the very first day of the course, when my instructor DT had showed us how much fun it actually is and what amazing things you can build with just a few lines of code.\n\r\nI was learning \xa0for almost 20 years (since primary school up to Master\'s of Engineering)\xa0and studying at GA was one of the best educational experiences with one of the best teachers I had.\n\r\nThe course itself is very\xa0intensive, it\'s important to complete, understand and remember all the materials from the\xa0prework and \xa0if possible do some extra on your own\xa0(eg Code Academy).\r\nIt really takes 40 hours per week with afterhours for homework and going through\xa0the notes.\xa0\nGreat atmosphere, support, resources, materials and many occasions to socialise and meet other programmers.\xa0\n\r\nTeachers are very passionate, helpful, experienced,\xa0patient and\xa0encourageing to try and do new things.\n\r\nClasses are intensive, but run and explained in a very funny and easy way :)\n\r\nBefore, I also thought that you can\'t really\xa0change careers in 12 weeks, but trust me yes\xa0you can (if you put enough effort and commitment).\xa0\r\nFantastic career support with all the strategies of how to find the\xa0right job (not just an any job).\nGood luck! 👍🏻\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate.]', '[I went into this course as the least experienced and youngest student of my class, but at the end I felt like I could stand next to my peers and look at them as equals, rather than view myself as less capable. The course was designed to get you a job as an ux designer as fast as possible while  equipping you with all the skills and knowledge you\'ll need for your first job. Although all coursework was very realistic and practical, with the last project having an actual client, the learning environment is amazing. As a current university student I can say that although the course wasn\'t designed for me, I got so much from it and I think if you want to learn anything about anything related to UX this is course is for you!This Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., This 10 week course was perfectly designed for anyone that want to put the first foot in the door of\xa0the UX industry. The curriculum was carefully selected to provide you with the most up to date and relevant skills to be industry ready. My instructors had great industry experience and are still currently practicing and provided a solid mentorship. The course helped me switched careers and I landed a role in less than a week upon finishing.\r\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Learn to gather, analyze, and tell stories through data with SQL, Excel, and visualization.\nThis Review Is Helpful10Flag as inappropriate., I completed the Data Analysis Circuit on-line course offered by General Assembly. \xa0The level of support offered by General Assembly is outstanding, each student is encouraged to select a Mentor for the course, attend on-line meetings, and participate in the class meetings.\nThe General Assembly team is always available to answer any questions, review your submitted projects and meet with you one on one.\nThis was the most positive and enjoyable training class and working with\xa0the staff at General Assembly made this a successful and informative experience.\nI look forward to my next on-line training course and working with General Assembly.\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., The online course focuses on the funnel of digital marketing; the material was digestible and manageable, yet very informative.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., This course was super valuable. It’s true that you don’t know what you don’t know.\nThis course has empowered me with the confidence to have UX discussions, use the industry correct language and terminology and have knowledge around what is best practice.\nSince completing this course I have transitioned into a role as User Experience Designer and I am loving challenging those around me to ensure we are user -centric in everything we do.\nI would have liked to have some course material that I could refer back to though.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I found the data analysis circut to be a great warmup course for some of GA\'s other offerings. \xa0If you are looking to ramp up your excel and SQL skills, this is a great starter course.\nTook this course for a ramp up on the Data Science Immersive program.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., TL;DR: Worth every minute of my time and every dollar spent.\xa0 Invaluable experience with tangible results.\xa0 Was hired at a top company within 6 days of graduation.\n\xa0\nA little background regarding my education, experience, and character: I hold a BA in History and Comparative Religion from a liberal arts university.\xa0 I have worked as a teacher, a fashion photographer, a designer, an account coordinator, and a partner in a wedding photography business.\xa0 I enjoy traveling the globe, learning languages, and eating local foods.\xa0 In summation, I’d never had anything beyond a slim introduction to HTML prior to my decision to enroll in GA.\n\xa0\nI formally began GA’s WDI first remote cohort after completing one month of self-directed study, a prep that gave me a solid foundation to begin but was no substitute for what I learned.\xa0 I had my suspicion regarding the efficacy of a completely online platform but it quickly dissolved as I completed my first week.\n\xa0\nThe 13+ weeks felt simultaneously indefinite and momentary.\xa0 I believe the content of the curriculum was so new and challenging that it seemed long but it was also so engaging while augmented by the fun had in class with instructors and classmates.\xa0 The most important thing about this course is that you learn and you learn a lot in a short period of time.\xa0 While the course is no substitute for a CS degree that teaches you the complex math behind machine code, the jobs a web developer is looking for doesn’t require that!\xa0 I think most people are fearful of bootcamp programs because we’ve seen the scandals involving for-profit academies (Everest, ITT, DeVry), but you need to realize that programs like this work far better for those that have already been out in the world gaining experience and looking to pivot in a new direction.\n\xa0\nYou are assigned HW nightly that certainly requires 3-5 hours of work but the projects are your true tests and ultimately become your portfolio.\xa0 I kept on top of my portfolio landing page and projects and eventually received a bite from a top company two weeks prior to my graduation.\xa0 My interests lie in front-end and web animation so when I was offered a full-time salary position with killer perks 6 days post gradation, the final validation for this course was checked off my list.\n\xa0\nLearning to code is not a passive skill (well, at least not initially) so you must be ready to listen carefully, think critically, and apply what you learn thoughtfully.\xa0 If you do this and couple it with dedication/interest/passion/whatever drives you, failure is not an option - you will succeed.\xa0 GA has a finely tuned system with kick-ass instructors that are real people, and by that I mean they’re personable and considerate.\xa0 Many of the instructors are GA grads themselves that after a few years in the workforce have decided to come back and teach, which is killer because they can speak the same language as the novice.\xa0 I haven’t an unkind word for any of the instructors I encountered.\n\xa0\nThe same kind words apply to the operations and career outcomes staff.\xa0 GA has done a fine job sourcing amazing talent and I trust they will continue to apply these tactics to acquire even more.\n\xa0\nTo summarize, GA has an outstanding curriculum with an amazing staff that keeps you laughing and interested while teaching you hard skills that truly gets you the work you’re looking for.\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., I recently completed GA\'s Web Development Immersive and I honestly had no idea what to expect going in to the course. I had no prior development experience, beyond the free\xa0Codecademy and Code School courses I had been taking online.\nI have a background in journalism and had worked for a media company designing newspapers for a little over two years prior to taking GA\'s WDI. I had been teaching myself to code and I fell in love with the endless possibilities that web development holds.\xa0\nI decided to make the leap and GA was the best fit for me. GA Austin is in the perfect location downtown amongst the various tech companies and you have the opportunity to meet "out in the wild" developers in that very building! GA also really stresses the importance of community and I truly have found a community within GA. I had a great community of classmates within the classroom. We got to help each other and watch each other grow. We picked each other up when someone was down and we cheer each individual\'s accomplishments.\nThe instructors and GA staff are also part of my community. Everyone wants to know how the course is going, how the job search is going and what they can do to help. I was always greeted with a friendly face or a helping hand. There are tons of networking events that help you meet past students, present students that aren\'t in your course and future students.\nThe Austin tech community is my community. GA provided networking events and invited industry professionals in to our classrooms to meet us, speak with us, and critique our work. I\'ve met a range of developers from a variety of companies, that I know I could call on to ask questions about code, the job search or advice about the industry.\nMy real takeaway from General Assembly is the sense of community they provide, because the course is not easy. It takes a lot of time and a lot of energy.\xa0It is truly immersive and having that support behind you not only makes it easier, but it makes it even more fun!\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., I came to the course with no prior experience coding or designing anything. It was a fantastic jumpstart, super fast, engaging, at times overwhelming but overall awesome. I had two great teachers Jason, who brought his great experience and deep knowledge of the subject\xa0knowledge and Will who was a very talented teacher and very passionate coder. The learning experience was great, but I was not prepared to struggle so much to find a job afterwards. It should be expected though, when\xa0you launch 100+ Junior developers on the market at the same time the process of getting them hired it is not an easy task.\xa0\nJust be ready, you are going to be amazed about the skills you have learned\xa0but getting a job is not an easy ride.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., I attended GA for their Web Development Immersive from May 30 - August 19, 2016.\xa0 I’ll start by saying it was an experience. \xa0\n\xa0\nThe bootcamp is a very intense experience where you’re in a classroom for 40 hours per week - taking notes, listening to lectures, and working on mini-labs as well as day-long labs.\xa0 You also have, on top of the 40 hours per week in class, an additional 20-40 hours of homework and projects to complete outside of class putting your workload realistically at 60-80 hours per week.\xa0 It’s physically exhausting as well as mentally exhausting over the course of the 12 weeks.\xa0 Bear in mind that this isn’t a full-time job and part-time job that you’re probably tired of or bored with.\xa0 This is a course where you’re constantly being pushed mentally to grasp new material and apply it in solo settings, paired settings, and group settings; it’s exhausting, but also refreshing and exhilarating at the same time.\xa0 You’re encouraged to go to meet ups when you find the time between class, homework, and projects if you have the energy, to meet new people, expand your network, and hopefully meet someone who needs what you have to offer (i.e. employers and freelance work).\xa0 Somewhere in the mix of all that, you get resume coaching by a professional career coach, personal portfolio site coaching by professional designers, behavioral interview prep by professional recruiters, technical interview prep by professional programmers, and lectures about freelancing, negotiation, and a host of “soft” skills to prepare you for your eventual job search and career.\xa0 Somewhere in there, you also tour a couple of local tech/tech-oriented companies.\xa0 We visited uShip and Atlassian. \xa0\n\xa0\nThe 12 weeks are structured in 4 units - 2 weeks, 4 weeks, 3 weeks, and 3 weeks.\xa0 You’re asked over the course of the 12 weeks to build 1 game, 2 group projects (1 front end, 1 back end), and 1 final capstone solo project with most people opting to make a full stack application for this, but the program leaves it open-ended as to what you do.\xa0 With the exception of the game at the end of week 2, where everyone is assigned the same game, the other 3 projects are left completely up to your groups and yourself to decide what to build.\xa0 You’re asked to be creative.\xa0 You’re asked to be logical.\xa0 You’re asked to be patient.\xa0 You’re asked to be motivated.\xa0 The program is very demanding of what you bring to the table. \xa0\n\xa0\nIf you’re not so much intimidated by all of that that as you are excited by it, then please keep reading because you might have found your next step in life. \xa0\n\xa0\nIt’s a blast!\xa0 You’ll meet people from so many different walks of life.\xa0 In my class, there was a college student majoring in business, a former Computer Science major, a former Army Ranger, a game designer, a journalist, 2 people who worked in finance, a guy who took on various roles at various companies, and a former Apple employee.\xa0 I was a music composition major in college, and worked as a pianist, composer, arranger, and teacher for a few years before I decided to transition to something new, which ended up, after a year and a half of searching, to be computer programming for web development.\xa0 You’ll come to make friends with these people, love them for their quirks, hate them for their quirks, and eventually have a sense of camaraderie with them because you all made it through something together that not everyone wants to do, nor, I’m not even sure, can do. \xa0\n\xa0\nALSO, you’re in one of the coolest towns in the U.S.!\xa0 Austin is the live music capital of the U.S., so just the live music scene alone is something special.\xa0 Austin also has all kinds of hiking trails, like the Barton Creek Greenbelt, and natural swimming holes, like Barton Springs, to explore.\xa0 Everything Austin offers makes for a great environment to deflate and relax from the intense programming environment you’ll be entering into. \xa0\n\xa0\nThis is pretty standard information, though, so I’d like to talk more about my personal experience with and in the program. \xa0\n\xa0\nI had never coded before GA, and so I was really going out on a limb here spending that kind of money, investing that kind of time, and putting myself way outside my comfort zone.\xa0 I’ve never been “a computer person”.\xa0 I used computers, but not for anything extraordinary; just Facebook, YouTube… the usual suspects.\xa0 I always had this weird interest in learning to program for some reason, though, and an acquaintance of mine always talked about it with such passion and verve.\xa0 I never gave myself the time or credit to teach myself how to program, so I ended up telling myself, “Now or never… you’re not interested in pursuing music professionally anymore, you’ve worked several odds-and-end jobs with nothing really catching your imagination… go for it!”\xa0 So I did.\xa0 It was the best decision I’ve made in my adult life.\xa0 I’m 27.\xa0 So now you know my non-existent programming background prior to GA.\n\xa0\n(Note:\xa0 For anyone older reading this, there were also people much older than me, though.\xa0 I think in the cohort that started a few weeks after mine, there was a guy who was in his 40s.\xa0 In my class, the aforementioned game designer was 31.)\n\xa0\nThe application process was cool.\xa0 They give you very limited resources and ask you to build your own About Me website and submit it.\xa0 I did this, so they scheduled an interview.\xa0 I got accepted.\xa0 It wasn’t stressful.\xa0 They just try to engage you, see what gets you ticking, and get to know you.\xa0 Next was the pre-work to be completed before the program started, so there was at least an exposure to fundamental concepts.\xa0 The pre-work is challenging, and, unfortunately, in my opinion, I think GA could do way better with this pre-work.\xa0 Every time you come to the exercises, you feel like you aren’t prepared for them, which is not how the program is.\xa0 The labs, homework, and projects are very challenging, but you’re very well-prepared for them.\xa0 It may seem like you’re not at times, but you are.\xa0 You just have to really mine your mind for the information you’ve been exposed to.\xa0 This pre-work, however, can be quite harrowing at times, so if you decide to enroll, start working on the pre-work, and feel like an idiot… don’t worry… I was the same.\xa0 I’m not sure if it’s the exposure to a completely new way of thinking, or if it’s just the pre-work is insufficient in its explanations… it definitely leaves you wondering whether you’re going to be able to do this.\xa0 I can assure you again, though, the rest of the program plays out much better. \xa0\n\xa0\nMy instructors were awesome!\xa0 Sean, Amanda, and Britney Jo… they were something else.\xa0 Very patient people who want nothing more than to see you succeed.\xa0 I don’t know GA’s process for hiring teachers, but they seem to pick the cream of the crop.\xa0 These people are so knowledgeable and very kind.\xa0 To boot, instructors from the other classes like Ross, Riley, and Mike reach out to you and make sure you’re doing well. \xa0\n\xa0\nThe staff is really great, too!\xa0 Really cool people from Leah and Emily, to Nicole and Sarah, to Chris… there’s several of them.\xa0 They went above and beyond to make sure all of us were doing alright, and would always say, “Hey, how’s it going?” when you passed them in the hallway.\xa0 They hosted a potluck where all of the students brought food, and we ate together.\xa0 They know you’re spending money and time to be there, and they want to make it worth your while and really make you feel like you’re part of something. \xa0\n\xa0\nSomething I haven’t mentioned about my experience is what was happening in my life outside of GA.\xa0 My father passed away halfway through the program, and I was very distraught by this loss.\xa0 The staff and faculty, with the exception of 2 or 3, all came up to me individually and privately to express their condolences.\xa0 Leah sent flowers to my mother.\xa0 They were incredibly flexible and accommodating, going so far as to offering to extend the program an extra week for me so I could go be with family for a week in the immediate aftermath.\xa0 They were also very supportive.\xa0 Everyone would engage me in conversation and check to make sure I was doing alright.\xa0 I really wouldn’t have graduated without the support they gave me.\xa0 I was completely alone in Austin.\xa0 I’m from Arkansas, so Austin is 9 hours away from my family and friends.\xa0 What they did for me meant the world to me, and, I think, speaks very positive worlds about the people you’ll be engaged with on a daily basis. \xa0\n\xa0\nI’m a very cynical person, but I believe in this school.\xa0\n\xa0\nA friend of mine I met there who was enrolled in the previous Web Development Immersive which started prior to but overlapped with mine, said something very succinct, which describes the experience in a hilarious, but apt way.\xa0 He said, “WDI was the greatest experience of my life that I never want to repeat again.”\xa0 I expressed this sentiment to my friends in my cohort as well as my friends in the Android Development Immersive and the User Design Immersive that were happening simultaneously with my cohort, and everyone who heard it laughed and agreed.\xa0 It’s damn intense, but it’s also a damn good time. \xa0\n\xa0\nIf you have any further questions you didn’t get answered here, I encourage you to talk to the staff, but you’re welcome to contact me on LinkedIn:\xa0 https://www.linkedin.com/in/colinstandefer\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., I\'ll tell you first and foremost, deciding to attend GA was one of the best decisions I\'ve ever made for myself. \xa0If you\'re like me then what you really want to know is "am I going to get a job". that depends on a lot of things like how much work you put into it, how good your instructors and classmates are (mine were incredible), and that je ne sais quoi that makes some people successful for no quantifiable reason. What I can tell you with certainty is GA will make you\xa0employable.\xa0I went from no coding background to full time salary employee at a startup tasked with building out the android app by myself, and I\'m doing great. \xa0You will leave GA with those skills. \xa0The greater hurdle is convincing employers that despite the notable lack of a degree you are actually more qualified that Johnny Justgraduated because you\'ve spent the last three months doing the job they are hiring for. \xa0It\'s not fair, I know, but a good friend once told me you gotta bet on yourself.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Before General Assembly, I was attending a traditional university studying computer science. There, I found that I wasn\'t learning any real-world skills. I had the desire to create something, but I didn\'t have the ability to do so. I heard about General Assembly through a friend, and he had told me it was the best decision he\'s ever made.\nI decided to take the plunge! The interview process went smoothly. The admissions staff is very kind and informative, and I learned about General Assembly\'s mission through them. I had some prior knowledge of development, so the pre-work was a bit simpler for me than it may be for others. However, I could see the benefit for anyone coming in with no experience.\xa0\nI was nervous. Perhaps the course wouldn\'t quite live up to my expectations. I had heard so many different things, and read polarizing reviews. Soon after arrival, I figured out that General Assembly was the real deal. It is tough. The workload is intense, and you will find that the only thing on your mind at times is the course. This is exactly what I wanted though. It is called an immersive, and that\'s exactly what you get from GA. It really was an experience unlike anything I have done before. I was constantly thinking about code. I believe this is the only way someone can learn such an immense amount in only three months.\nBesides the course load, GA gave me much more. I made new friends in a new city. I was given confidence in myself that was missing. I was provided mentors and peers that will be connections for life. I found a challenge, and I overcame it. Most of my cohort was comprised of people who were not challenged in their current careers, or were just not satisfied with them. I can say confidently that GA\'s immersive programs are the perfect way to make that change.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I\'m part of the first cohort that graduated a few days ago.\xa0I have technical background (Bachelor of Science in\xa0Computer Science) and some programming experience.\n\xa0\nResearch before signing up, and\xa0why remote?\nSigning up for this first cohort was a huge leap of faith. I did so much research in finding the right programming bootcamp for me.\nI even went back and forth to NYC to learn more about the bootcamps while attending a part-time programming class.\xa0Each way is\xa0560 miles from my home. I put around 15,000 miles in my car\xa0in the process of deciding if I should go enroll in\xa0an\xa0immersive program.\nBecause I lived in a rural area, quite easily called the boondocks, I crashed at\xa0my relative\'s apt in NYC for free (lucky!). I still had to go home every weekend for\xa03 months while going through part-time programming\xa0classes.\xa0After that grueling commute cycle,\xa0I realized\xa0that I really can\'t leave my family alone almost 600 miles away, even if I want to join an\xa0immersive programming course.\xa0\nMy husband is military so I cannot simply uproot our lives for my desire to go into an immersive, and become a programmer.\nI really needed to think carefully about\xa0what I was going to be doing for the next few months in regards to\xa0my career change. After weeks of decision making, I came to the conclusion\xa0that I needed to either drive\xa0110 miles every day roundtrip\xa0if I wanted to learn how to code in the nearest big city, or attend a remote bootcamp.\nI ultimately\xa0decided that I should apply for a remote\xa0immersive program.\n\xa0\nHard time finding the right remote immersive bootcamp.\nAfter applying for several more selective programming bootcamps and passing, it just didn\'t feel right. It\xa0felt like the people that I was put in contact with\xa0weren\'t\xa0eager to talk to me. Almost like I was a bother, especially the people who did the technical interviews.\nI was getting a bit frustrated because I just couldn\'t connect with the people I was talking to.\xa0It didn\'t feel like they were\xa0eager to help me learn. Instead of sounding enthusiastic about\xa0teaching me, it felt like they were talking down to me. Of course, learning the best languages of the moment is key, but I also wanted to feel comfortable with the folks I will be dealing with for the next few months.\n\xa0\nSeeing GA\'s Ad for the first cohort (aka\xa0guinea pig).\nA General Assembly Admissions Advisor reached out to me. I was surprised. It took me a few seconds to process why GA was calling me. I\xa0honestly forgot about applying for their remote program. A few days back, I submitted their online form in whim to get the curriculum. Most of the schools with harder vetting process didn\'t really follow-up.\nI\'ve read a lot of reviews on GA and it just didn\'t seem up to par to what I envisioned myself getting into.\xa0The reviews for GA are so mixed everywhere.\nBeing the\xa0inquisitive\xa0person that I am, I politely grilled the GA representative\xa0on every\xa0single\xa0aspect of the program. She was\xa0very professional, it made me happy to talk to someone who knew what I\'ll be learning.\nBut I still wasn\'t convinced.\xa0\nI politely told the admission advisor that I might go with "XYZABC"\xa0school because I\'ve already been talking to them weeks\xa0back. She convinced me to give it a chance, and attend the information sessions they have. The contrast alone between her demeanor and the uncaring conversations I had with the other "top" school convinced me to give it a shot.\nI went to all of their information sessions with the lead instructor and the program head.\xa0All I can say was is that their information sessions were really live and open, very unscripted.\nI pondered for a few more weeks, until\xa0I finally decided to go with General Assembly\'s Remote Immersive.\n\xa0\nThe pre-work.\nI honestly wasn\'t ecstatic with the pre-work. I thought that it could\'ve been much more focused on drilling the fundamentals than coming up with a pretty project. Honestly felt nervous when I went through the pre-work. I was thinking, "what the heck did I get myself into".\nI was upfront about this when they asked for my feedback. I am not scared putting this out there. This also shows that\xa0nobody\xa0is silencing\xa0my\xa0voice. I even used my name in this review. Not going as anonymous.\nI believe they tweaked it for the upcoming cohorts. I\'m not sure.\xa0Attend the information session and do not rely on my statement\xa0alone.\xa0They are constantly tweaking things.\nAlthough I did say that\xa0I wasn\'t much fan of the pre-work, because to me it lacked the preview on the fundamentals that the instructors will eventually hammer on you, I did not dock a star. It is because it ultimately did not take away anything from\xa0my\xa0learning experience.\n\xa0\nMy experience in the actual lessons.\nThe beginning was rough. It\'s just like starting your first day in class, or first day at a new job.\xa0A\xa0lot of adjusting and discomfort as you go into "immersive learning" mode.\nHowever,\xa0I sure did learn a lot. I get goosebumps just thinking about the whole experience.\xa0\nI honestly can say that I got out so much from this program. I was able to\xa0finally\xa0utilize the tools, the Computer Science Fundamentals, that I I didn\'t know what to do with before graduating. I\'m learning ASP and C# now, a few days after graduating. The program was very systematic in teaching us how to approach new topics most efficiently.\xa0\n\xa0\nShoutout to my awesome instructors.\nI also know it also had\xa0a lot to do with our\xa0awesome instructors. I am so thankful\xa0that I got the instructors that I did. Our instructor group had about\xa020\xa0years experience\xa0collectively between them. That alone speaks volumes of my experience. Did they make it hard on us? Nope. They definitely gave us the chance to excel, but if the student didn\'t want to, they were not hard on him or her. But the instructors definitely did not slack off in whipping our butts to learn as much as we can.\xa0\nTake note, the instructor teams\xa0change every cohort.\xa0Again, attend the information sessions.\xa0You\'re spending $$$, an equivalent of a very decent car,\xa0you should at least make an effort in researching who will be teaching you. I for one would have not joined if I saw anything less impressive than what I saw the team that was going to be teaching me.\n\xa0\nAfter graduation.\nTo speak of the other people in my cohort,\xa0I know of a few people already going to interviews.\xa0As of this writing, this is day 3 from graduating.\xa0I myself went to a few even before graduating. I cannot speak for everybody, but a lot of the people I grew close to, and am still chatting with, seem to be doing quite well.\xa0There were some who also had\xa0interviews before graduating, but a lot of us\xa0were\xa0holding out for remote positions.\nFull disclosure, right now I\'m not going all out in finding a job, so my view of the job market is not quite detailed.\xa0I\'m thinking of either getting my MS in Computer Science or finding a remote job. At the very least, I want to code with and for a mission and get a job at a mission-focused company, hence the lack of vigor in applying for jobs immediately. The lack of immediate outcome in my part is not the fault of General Assembly.\xa0Plus, it\'s only been a few days since we graduated.\n\xa0\nJobs landing on your lap!\xa0Not.\nAm I saying you\'ll easily get a job if you apply for this program?\xa0I\'m definitely\xa0not\xa0saying that.\nThis is not a program for someone who saved some dough, and decided, "Hey! I wanna make easy cash!". Don\'t waste your money or your time if you\'re not willing to change your lifestyle, way of thinking, and personality.\n\xa0\nHow this program changed me.\nI am able to dive head on to learning new tech without hesitation, my approach to working with others in the\xa0development side also changed.\xa0I\'m no longer apprehensive about showing people my code, unlike 10 years ago when it terrified me to do so.\xa0I didn\'t go into this program to learn how to make easy money as a programmer.\n\xa0\nHow I approached the program.\nI am actually one of\xa0the\xa0vocal\xa0(but constructive... I hope?) students. I didn\'t hold back if I felt something was preventing me from getting the best out of what I paid for, both monetarily and my time.\nWorking till 12am was normal for some of us, be it on homework or pet projects. My day in the immersive officially starts at 10am (although I wake up at 5am to do chores and attend to my family) and ends officially at 5pm. To really learn, get the most out of the lessons and\xa0work on my homework with the night TA,\xa0my GA time typically ends\xa011pm. Projects week normally calls for working until 2am.\xa0Those who had similar schedule (roughly 14 hours of coding each day for almost 4 months) were able to secure interviews before classes ended.\n\xa0\nThe job hunt.\nLike I said, I\'m not in full job hunting mode. I\'m not even sure if I\'m going to be able to find a job.\xa0But do I feel like I got my money\'s worth? Yes, I do feel that I made the right decision attending this program. I\'m even in the process of talking to academic advisors from different schools regarding their Masters programs for CS majors.\nConclusion.\nThis review\xa0is about my experience.\xa0I am telling you about how\xa0effective it was\xa0for me\xa0in the aspect of being able to learn new tech and working in a simulated professional dev environment.\n\xa0\nDISCLAIMER:\nThis review is definitely not an endorsement of the program. As of this writing (Aug 2016) I have not applied for a job at GA. They do not even have a campus in my big city. Definitely think hard, very hard, and do a lot of research before signing up for anything. And if you do sign up, make sure to do everything that will make your investment worthwhile.\nYou can visit my blog to read more about my experience as a WDI Remote student. Feel free to reach out if you have any questions you would like to ask a former student of the WDI Remote program.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I have to admit, this program was hard for me. I have a non technical background and there were times in the course I doubted it would work the way it said. In fact I got to a point where I was pretty sour on the entire thing, and there were a few weeks where I really threw a fit.\xa0\nI graduated two days ago, and I have to take back every bad thing I said. I was getting recruiter calls before my final project even started, and before I filled out a single application. Today was the first day I really started my job search in earnest, and GA has juice. I have gotten callbacks within hours of applying for anything, and matter of fact have an interview set for tomorrow. From an application I did halfway through today.\nMy story isn\'t over, since I\'ve just begun jobhunting I\'ll obviously update this when I get a job. But the response from companies has given me a lot of faith. Here is what I will say in the way of specifics.\n1. This is a really hard program; this is a really hard thing to learn.\nSometimes in this course I was miserable. I was trying really hard to understand, but I couldn\'t. There was a little while where I would get very frustrated and start to fault the program in my freak-out moments. But the struggling phase is probably just inevitable when you are trying to learn something really hard, fast. I have come to see that there is a method to the madness.\nSome of my class actually didn\'t make it through, and if there is any definite difference I can say about who survived and who didn\'t, it has to be optimism. You have to know that even if you aren\'t technical, even if you feel like doing this is taking a big risk, you have to see it through. You have to discipline your dissapointments and frustrations and once out the other side, willl see the big picture.\n2. The workload is EXTREMELY INTENSE, and you need to prepare yourself.\nCook a bunch of meals and freeze them ahead of time. Knock out any trips to the DMV or doctor you have on the horizon, you will absolutely not have time for it while in this course. If you have pets, honest to god make a plan to exercise and care for them. The schedule is that intense, and I am not exaggerating.\xa0\nIf you have a spouse, tell them you are having an affair with your laptop for the next few months. Not even kidding.\xa0\nIf you have any trips planned, cancel them. Do not make the ridiculous mistake of trying to move during this course, which is what I did and made me fall behind for a while. Also, do as much codeacademy as you can beforehand. You will be glad you did later.\xa0\n3. Mix trusting the program with your own gut and learning style.\nMy course was the first remote course, and there were things that worked and didn\'t. For instance, I found hand written note taking (what I\xa0usually do) was a mistake. You can\'t keep up with someone typing 60 wpm by trying to take hand written notes. Take screenshots, and code along with the instructors as much as possible.\nCONCLUSION?\nYou know who you guys are, but the people that led my course (the first remote program) were Colin, Matt B, Matt H, Marc, Kristyn, Thom, Adi, Seth, and Meghan. (Shoutout so any corporate back patting does not risk missing you as it\'s target. It was well, WELL earned.)\xa0\nI was a tremendous pain to these people sometimes. I expected them to answer to me about how the course was running in a way that was probably obnoxious. They bent over backwards to help me. They were incredibly accessible. And adaptive. And as something of a dark horse within my class they put in as much effort if not more with me than with the super genius kids that were breezing through.\nI don\'t think I have felt like an instructor, or all the instructors in fact, were this personally invested in me since elementary school. These guys were so on top of it. They knew before I did what languages might be easier for me to learn. They pay very, very close attention. They also are patient with that jerk set on cracking bad jokes and being the class clown. (Spoiler alert, that was also me.)\xa0\nI try to stick to the principle of being honest about both problems and solutions. There were plenty of times in this course where I was raising an alarm and freaking out. It is only fair now that I am through that I give appropriate credit. These guys are life changers. Even if you have doubts about this type of course, as once a huge cynic, I gotta say these guys are monumentally good at what they do. And the program they run meets if not exceeds the results that it advertises.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful18Flag as inappropriate., UXDI at General Assembly helped me relaunch my career. I started in UX over a decade ago when the industry was just starting out. I spent a few years in a CX / UX role and then left to have my family. After almost 10 years out of the workforce, and out of the UX community, the industry had moved forward so much and my experience was very much outdated. I spent 2 years applying for jobs by myself, to no avail. It was then that I stumbled across UXDI at GA and thought I had nothing to lose. Incredibly, after only 1 week after my meet and greet I had lined up 7 interviews in 3 days! This was a combination of jobs i had applied for myself, interviews with recruiters I had met at the GA meet and Greet, and also interviews lined up for me by my outcomes producer. This was unheard of for me, considering I had previously spent two years trying to find employment. By the end of that week I had secured my first short term contract as a UX Designer. Since completing this initial\xa0contract, I have moved onto a permanent UX Reseracher role. I have been in this role for close to two months now and I love it. I am proud to say I am a GA success story - a middle aged mum who made her way back into the tech industry after a ten year hiatus.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., I took General Assembly\'s part-time front-end development course and was adequately pleased with it. \xa0I had a fair amount of front-end knowledge prior to the course through online courses such as codeacademy.com, so the GA course was more review than anything (you won\'t need any knowledge prior to taking the course, however). \xa0That being said, the instructor was great, the homework was beneficial and I loved the atmosphere created by the GA building/staff. \xa0If I could afford the full-time tuition, I would definitely consider taking the bootcamp and making the switch to the programming field.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Personally I found the format for General Assembly\'s web development immersive extremely effective. The number of hours committed as part of the course forces you to focus on nothing but learning, or levelling up, your\xa0web development skills. However\xa0it\'s not just brute force transfer of information via presentation. In having a mixture of taught lessons to cover new topics, exercises in the afternoon to put that new found knowledge to work (and the chance to talk with teachers 1 to 1), and individual assignments in the evening to further practice & cement a concept.\nCurriculum wise I think the areas covered are well chosen and have an appropriate bias to the real life skills you\'ll need as a software developer. One area I think could be improved is bringing testing in earlier - and give time to showing\xa0real examples\xa0of TDD from scratch - not just the concepts.\nThe teachers on my\xa0course are knowledgeable in their field,\xa0a great bunch to spend time with, and made themselves available to help students. GA is also a fun place to be. There are always interesting people around to chat with, when you have the time!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Enrolling in a course at General Assembly was arguably the decision that has had the quickest impact on my life. I had zero experience with tech outside of being an avid consumer of the Internet and its depths. The curriculum was well-suited to someone without prior knowledge. It does assume that you have the desire to learn, however. Most of the criticism I have heard is from those that were under the false impression that the course would make them experts at web development without any sort of effort on their part. This is not the case. For me, this was an important component of General Assembly - the course and its instructors showed me what was possible and through the projects, I was able to build my confidence to the point where I\xa0believed\xa0that I could build anything. That was true much before I believed it, though. General Assembly and its network of alumni, students and instructors imbued me with the confidence I needed to recover from what seemed like failures but were really just adjustments to my journey. I would recommend (and have done so) enrolling a course at General Assembly if you are serious about changing your career or adding valuable skills to your tool kit.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., I completed the UX Design (part-time) course at GA, in NYC, 2 years ago. I came into the course as a Fashion Designer with no UX experience. I learned so much at GA, from very knowledgable and talented instructors. I even got to participate in a UX Design Sprint at Google. I highly recommend taking a course at GA.\nThis Review Is Helpful22Flag as inappropriate., I graduated from the Web Development Immersive at General Assembly (campus Melbourne) and couldn\'t be more delighted. Course was relevant, fast-paced, well structured and it really taught me more than I could possibly imagine that I could learn in such a short time. The staff and the teachers at GA are the most amazing as well!\xa0Two weeks after the graduation I landed my first job as a junior\xa0developer. This course changed my life so I would be happy to recommend it to anyone - it will be the best decision of your life.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., My background was computer science degree with a heavy emphasis on theory and not alot of web development. I had learned the basics of Ruby on rails through books but the course helped me understand fully the language and framework. The instructors were very helpful, passionate about coding and always available for help online or in person. The communication they used with Slack was extremely convenient. The course was fast paced and just as they instructors advised before starting, it needed to be done at a time in your life when not too much else was demanding. My only suggestion would have been to either add 2 more weeks to the course or subtract something in the beginning that was less important. The projects were challenging and went right along with the course material. The last few weeks of course were a tad bit rushed but I was so proud the last day of class when I stood and presented my application and it worked. It wasn\'t the prettiest but it indeed worked and I came up with each creative idea on my own. Definitely a good experience and I\'d recommend to any other beginner or even intermediate developer.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \nBefore starting General Assembly\'s full-time Web Development Immersive course I was a journalist with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.\xa0\n\n\nI\'d taken an interest in data visualisation, and knew a little bit of HTML, CSS and JavaScript. But I didn\'t know enough to confidently use code in my day-to-day life as a digital journalist. I simply couldn\'t learn fast enough in my spare time, or without a classroom environment where I could ask for help.\n\xa0\n\n\nI knew the course was expensive, and would require me to take unpaid leave from the ABC. But I\'d spoken to a few graduates\xa0who assured me that it was worthwhile - that once graduating, I\'d be able to code and use my new skills to be a better digital journalist.\xa0\n\n\xa0\n\nI eventually\xa0decided to\xa0take the plunge. I built a little website on why online journalists should learn to code and\xa0pitched it to the ABC. They gave me unpaid leave, and $5,000 towards the cost of the course.\xa0\n\xa0\n\n\nBut about six weeks into the 12 week\xa0course, I resigned from the ABC. \n\xa0\n\nI was having the time of my life. I had met an amazing group of people. My eyes had been opened to the tech industry. I was coding day and night, barely sleeping, running on caffeine and chocolate, but absolutely loving life. My instructor Joel Turnbull was incredibly talented - and hilarious. I loved every bit of the content that we covered.\xa0The General Assembly staff were amazing.\n\n\n\xa0\n\nI made the decision to resign because I knew that in order to continue progressing my coding skills, I would need to be coding full-time, rather than trying to code on top of my usual day-to-day journalist responsibilities. I also wanted to be in a supportive environment where I could pair program and be mentored by a senior. \n\xa0\nIt didn\'t take me long to find my first job as a developer with a company called ansarada. During the course we studied Ruby on Rails and JavaScript. At ansarada I\'m a back end developer writing C# and SQL. I\'ve kept up my front-end skills on the side, and in a few weeks time I\'ll be moving to London to start a new job as a software engineer with Twitter.\n\xa0\n\nDoing WDI and changing careers from journalism to web development was the best decision of my life. The tech community is like no other, and I\'m so happy to be part of it.\xa0\n\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., Learned how to build a website from scratch using HTTP and CSS and the visual concepts behind designing a website.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[As a designer and in this modern world I needed to get my skills involved with web.\xa0I signed up for the 10-week part time course after following one of the one day workshops - \'Code in a Day\'. Working full-time the night classes suited me just fine and only 2 classes a week was good, as it did not overwhelm me. Straight off the bat the course layout was great, pre-work that with a video tutorial took you through the basics steps and as each class progressed we would always relate back to what we learnt earlier to keep it refreshed in our brains. The pace was good and even when I personally fell a bit behind or had difficulty the instructors were quick to help and very understanding. Having materials accessible online is a huge benefit for at home studying and using \'Stack\' as a communication source was resourceful. All in I\'ve finish the 10 weeks confident,\xa0all be it not a pro of course, to continue on with my own studies and update my resume to include web skills. It’s real world knowledge and skills for the real world workers.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly Melbourne equipped me with all the skill I needed to land a job as a Junior Front-End Developer. The classes were fun and the teachers were really great. Landed a job in the last week! Would reccomend this course to anyone.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., A little disclaimer - I continued to work at GA after my graduation as an Instructional Associate. I imagine this makes me slightly biased.\nWhat the Web Dev Immersive course does is prepare students to become junior developers. This is something it does very well. The course focuses on Ruby (especially Rails) on the backend and HTML, CSS and Javascript (JQuery and some Angular) on the frontend.\nThe thing that I found most rewarding about GA\'s program was the accessibility of the instructional team and other support staff. This, coupled with our small class size, really helped me improve my skills rapidly and really get to know\xa0my classmates. In fact, I recently finished a freelance job in collaboration with one of those guys. It was a fantastic experience.\nFinally, it is probably pertinent for me to add that as with all similar courses, you get out of the program what you put in. Students really get an opportunity to expand their skillset beyond what is in the syllabus\xa0if they choose to do so. In my time as Instructional Associate, and as a student, I really saw the difference passion and commitment can make in a program like this one.\nI\'m currently working in Hong Kong as a developer, taking full advantage of the geographically transferable skills that I now possess.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The User Experience Design Immersive Program was intensive and covered most of the common practices in the industry, it was more than good to prepare students for the real world experience. I would not say that the modules were completely thorough or in depth but you could not ask for more from a 10 week program. You have to do a lot of studying at your own time. Having said that, you will not believe what you accomplish in that short span. I enjoyed every bit of it. I enjoyed the pace, I loved the intensity of the course, the speed the programs were planned through the weeks, the culture they have created throughout the campus that made me feel so comfortable with everyone. We learned various techniques, we explored useful resources, we learnt to use multiple softwares, tools and applications. Our instructors were very supportive throughout the program and they guided us every step of the way. Moreover, the experience of being at General Assembly\xa0Seattle was amazing. From the moment you walk in that front door; the frontliners, the course producers, the instructors, career coaches and all the other students just make you feel as if you\'ve been running the same race and there is no end to it. Perseverance, Determination, Confidence & Commitment are the tools that will get you through this course.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., You\'ll learn an amazing foundation and an awesome start to a UX career. Amazing instructors and people to help you along the way, and an incredible community to be a part of.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., So happy with the GA User Experience Design Immersive\xa0program in Seattle. The staff and instructors are\xa0fantastic people to work with.\xa0They have\xa0a lot of\xa0expertise to offer. The course is a major full time learning commitment but through the hands on projects and close advising of the instructors I feel I\'ve gained more UX experience in 10 weeks than I thought would be possible. Also working with a great group of committed students helped me make\xa0some\xa0invaluable connections.\xa0Give it your all, you\'ll be thrilled\xa0by what you\'ve learned, what\xa0you can do, and what is possible\xa0at the end of the 10 weeks in this program.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I\'ve taken several bootcamp classes and workshops, and am currently 6 weeks into the Digital Marketing Part Time program. The bootcamp classes are crash corses into a particular subject such as Google Analytics and Google AdWords tought by people who actually do this for a living! Well planned, really good use of my limited personal time, and tons of additional resources so you can continue to practice the tools and continue learning and fine tuning once class is done. I love the weekend bootcamp classes, even though they are during the summer.\xa0\nThe Digital Marketing 10-week course is a great deal of information that is relevant to today\'s tech jobs! If you look up descriptions for digital marketing jobs you\'ll see a vast majority of these skills and tools you need that\'s covered in this course. I highly recommend. Pre-work and homework solidifies what you learn and additional resources are provided with each class. My instructors Kim and Quison are amazing, down to earth and very willing to put up with tons of questions!\xa0\nI browse General Assembly\'s website a few times a week to see what new classes and workshops and events they have that I can use to build my professional skillset. And gotta love the brain boosting oatmeal and constant hot coffee and tea on each of their floors. (super clean fridges and mini-kitchens too!)\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I took the part-time Data Science course in the summer of 2014, and it changed my life for the better.\xa0As a non-programmer,\xa0I spent a significant time preparing for the class by doing all the pre-course work. I highly recommend it as the students that appeared to struggle in the class clearly didn\'t have any foundation in Python and hadn\'t completed all the tutorials. I really immersed myself in the projects and assignments, and came out of the class with a really strong foundation in Python and machine learning techniques. My teachers were supportive and found ways for me to encourage exploring beyond the course material.\xa0At the end of the class, I still might not have\xa0considered myself truly "proficient" in Python or machine learning, but I definitely\xa0got all the information I needed to\xa0self-learn. I think that is the true indicator of a good introductory course -- that you have a high level of confidence that you can continue learning on your own. All in all, I highly recommend and the GA space / environment / people are very warm and welcoming.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., The\xa0Web Development Immersive\xa0class at General Assembly was a\xa0life-changer\xa0for me—this\xa0despite the fact that I\'m already well down life\'s road. ; - ) Actually, it\'s no doubt\xa0because\xa0I\'m beyond the average student age\xa0that I was able to take it all so seriously, and take so much\xa0from\xa0it.\xa0\nGranted, I did somewhat cherry-pick my favorite parts of coding—i.e., JavaScript, HTML, and CSS—but doing so was all to the good. Having a\xa0wide expanse of offerings during the three-month WDI class afforded me the opportunity to see where my interests and\xa0background\xa0were best suited, so that my nascent skills could grow in the right garden.\nThe GA campus itself is wonderfully conducive to learning; and the administrators are knowledgable, hardworking, and delightfully\xa0friendly. (BTW, I don\'t have any stars for Job Assistance yet because I have yet to take advantage of this service.)\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., As someone who\'d spent about 3 years self-learning programming as a hobby, knew I wanted to transition to software/web development as a career, but didn\'t have much exposure to web development, the Web Development Immersive course put me in a position to capitalize on the great opportunity it presented.\r\n\r\nThe curriculum was packed with useful exercises and well taught lessons by instructors that understood what they were teaching and were always willing to help ensure students had all the help they needed.  Because this course covers so much information in a short time, it requires hard work to pay close attention, study and research to make sure you understand topics at a micro level.  Understanding and completing exercises the right way is key to success; taking shortcuts is not advised.  The multiple programming challenges each week were super helpful to hone programming chops while also further imprinting the content learned.\r\n\r\nOutcomes was great throughout and provided useful resources and advice on how to approach the job search/interview process.  The GA employees I encountered (not limited to instructors) were super nice and left me feeling that they are good people.  The course producer and instructors were always eager to listen to any constructive feedback given so that they can improve for current/future courses.\r\n\r\nOverall, I\'d classify my experience in the Web Development Immersive as being excellent.This Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., I am currently\xa0a product manager. I took the class\xa0to be more effective in my role, understand the products I\'m working on better, and have fun on the side being able to build my own websites.\nThe class gave me\xa0those things\xa0and more.\xa0I\xa0refer to what I learned\xa0when talking to our engineering team about a feature, or when talking to our customers who are also Front End engineers.\nAlso, my instructors and\xa0classmates were impressive and I\xa0enjoyed getting to know them. I am still friends with one of the instructors.\xa0\nInteresting mix of backgrounds which made for great discussions in class.\xa0Awesome experience\xa0- thanks GA.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., TL:DR - An epic summer, it was a great 3 months and i became a web developer. It was difficult, it was intense, at times stressful, but ultimately a lot of fun. And, i left with a job at a great startup in London\'s tech sector.\nI chose General Assembly because the people were open, honest, were great teachers, very skilled developers\xa0and fun to be around. You\'ll be working there for 3months, fulltime, so you\'ve got to enjoy it.\xa0\nIt was a very hands-on course and focused on building good\xa0websites.\xa0\xa0We started, from day one, using tools and techniques I now use on a daily basis as a web developer. There were computer science fundmentals, how to write good ruby and javascript code,\xa0and how to use\xa0modern tools to create complex websites. We learnt all of it because we\xa0actually created\xa0websites (and these were\xa0our\xa0portfolios to get a job).\nGeneral Assembly also\xa0put a huge amount of effort into giving\xa0students the best learning environment. There are tutors to help students in the evenings, after classes. There are experienced teachers, all of whom are active developers and know the latest technologies. And, their community is massive; you will gain\xa0a lot of contacts.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate.]', "[After much research and consideration I joined the GA WDI course in London in Spring 2014. \xa0The course was incredibly intense - but we had a great set of teachers, an in class teaching assistant and past students who came by in the evenings to help out with homework. There was a huge amount to cover and it was intellectually and emotionally challenging - but there was always someone there to offer feedback or hear my and other students thoughts on the course. The work itself was interesting and there were different levels so that you could always push yourself to the limit. \xa0The classes were a mixture of lectures, follow along coding sessions and free coding in groups of students. \xa0Every day and weekend was finished off with homework which helped cement the days knowledge. The course did a great job of covering the skills necessary to get a job.\n\nI had a great three months and still catch up with other students. \xa0Since the course my career has gone very well. GA helped provide connections and meeting with companies hiring as well as tips on how to write a cv, perform in an interview and negotiate salary. These all helped getting the first job. \xa0Even better was that there was help and advice on hand at any point. \xa0Even after graduating they were around to offer tips and help students change jobs if they needed. I’m on my second job and am continuing to progress.\n\nThe course changed my career and life and to pay back I go back regularly to talk to past students and to help out where I can. \xa0I can highly recommend GA WDI in terms of the people, the instructors and the overall quality.\n\nWhile I did the course I wrote a blog and have followed that up with regular posts about my career and where I have got to which might be interesting for future students: http://mikemjharris.tumblr.com/\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Before attending General Assembly, I had applied to, interviewed with, and got accepted to several other bootcamps. They had distinct approaches to what they taught, how they taught it, and how they helped grads once the course was over. In the end, I chose to attend General Assembly because they were by far the most passionate about their mission of not only educating students and\xa0helping them find a job afterwards but also building a community that one can become a part of. The tech industry can sometimes be a lonely place, especially if one is coming from another career or is of a certain age. These obstacles are tackled by General Assembly, as they have the most diverse community of any school I researched. Everyone who works for the school is friendly,\xa0outgoing, and always available. They also do a fantastic job of making sure that those who attend their classes,\xa0workshops, and events will be open-minded and open-armed members of the community. I could not recommend General Assembly more highly and have sent many people I have met their way, whether it be for their short or immersive courses.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I currently work for a very prestigious software consultancy and I wouldn't be where I am now without the WDI course GA offers.\nBootcamp has been the best thing I have done for myself, it was tough, at times I didn't think I was cut out for it, but I enjoyed immensely every bit of it. In hindsight wouldn't change anything other than ensuring that I completed the whole of pre-work prior to the course. I had to have a lot of help from the instructors to make up for some gaps which wouldn't have been there otherwise.\nAt the end of the course, we showcased our final projects to potential employers at a dedicated event, where students were positively out-numbered. As a result of that, I had quite a few interviews and 3 job offers! I got to choose where to start my web development career.\xa0From what I understand the\xa0curriculum has evolved with heavier\xa0focus on JavaScript, which means that\xa0current\xa0grads are even better equipped for the jobs in the industry.\nI have\xa0had a great start to my career and couldn't have done it without GA.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I am writing this review as a past student at GA, as well as a current instructor. I took a part-time front end development class at GA several years ago. I am a UX designer, and though I could hack together some code, I lacked a foundation of knowledge. The most valuable aspect of my time in this course was one-on-one time with the instructor - even if it was for a few minutes, I learned so many things that would be difficult to figure out from my own self-taught methods. That is the value that GA brings above all else- instructors who are day-to-day practicioners and can relay the most current and relevant information to their students.\nAs an instructor for the UX Design course, I have tried to apply this as much as possible. The curriculum sets a strong foundation to take skills into the world, but I can really see the magic happen with students when I show examples of my own work, or give them a tip that will instantly add tangible, practical skill to their toolset.\nAt GA, you get out what you put in. Those looking for a foundational knowledge of the topic will get it, and leave with a strong understanding of concepts, terminology, and processes. Students who want to take it a step further for a career change will have to put in more time, but will have the very best resources at their disposal to make it happen.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Having deciced to leave my previous job in Commodities\xa0Trading, it is fair to say I didn't fully know what to expect from my time as a WDI student. As it turned out it was initially tough, then much harder and finally, after a lot of hard work, incredibly rewarding!\xa0Without doubt, the best career decision I have ever made.\nThe course is called 'Immersive' for a good reason - you are thrown straight in at the deep end, smashing out code from day one and whilst\xa0it is\xa0initially quite overwealming, you find yourself week on week amazing yourself with how much you learn in such a short space of time.\xa0There is a heavy emphasis on 'job skills' over theory and abstract computer science which as a career changer, was exactly what I was hoping for.\xa0\xa0\nThe standard of teaching is excellent - smart, confident industry professionals who know what life is like at the coal face of software development. I certainly wasn't 'top of the class' on the course, but\xa0there was always willing and friendly\xa0support on hand pretty much 24/7 to keep me on track.\xa0\nOne of the best things about GA is the after course experience - you aren't just dumped in the job market and left to your own devices, rather there is dedicated team helping you along the way with interviews, CVs and setting up meetings with eager employers.\xa0My final project was impressive enough to get me my first front-end job with Penguin Books at a GA hiring event and since have worked for agencies, a fin-tech startup and today at a FTSE100 retailer, building complex webapps, handling literally millions of hits a day.\nComing up to three years on from graduation, I still stay in touch with a lot of my coursemates, tutors and\xa0the wider GA gang - I would, and have, wholeheartly recommend the WDI course to anyone wanting to fasttrack themselves into the world of web development!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the Web Development Immersive course in April 2014 and I can honestly say it completely changed my career and propsects for the better.\nI came into the course with minimal coding knowledge (but did complete all of the pre-work assignments leading up to the course) and within 8 days of finishing WDI had found a job as a full-time web developer. Nearly two years on I'm still working as a Frontend Developer and have never been so excited about my future.\nThe course itself is intense to say the least, but you get out what you put in. If you want a surface level course that will go a an easy pace, this is not the one for you. But if you want to challenge yourself,\xa0learn true programming concepts that span multiple languages and are serious about becoming a web developer\xa0General Assembly's WDI course is a must.\nGeneral Assembly as a company are great too. They work hard to keep the community together and host parties every month for alumni, instructors, employees and prospective students. This means that you're not just thrown out into the big bad world after you finish the course. You've always got a strong community to integrate with.\nOverall I can't speak highly enough of General Assembly. They've completely altered my career trajectory in a hugely positive way. I can now build experiences that anyone with an internet connection can use and all I need to do it is my laptop.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Ok, so like you I have read everything this site has posted about coding boot camps. \xa0First of all take it with a grain of salt, like a movie review not everyone has the same opinions and thoughts as you do. \xa0With that said my review from WDI here in Washington D.C. \xa0I separted from the Navy to attend this specific coding boot camp, I was also awarded the Oppurtunity Fund that pays for the course. \xa0The 12 week program is seriously no joke in keeping a pace. \xa0Everyday you learn something different from the concept of implementing API's to connecting front end languages with back end languages. \xa0Each day seems more daunting and does not seem to be enough time in the day to ask questions and get the work done. \xa0But that is the thing, you are not expected to complete all assignments, however with that said you are expecting to time box everything. \xa0Work on something, get stuck, take a break, come back and own it. \xa0Do not dwell on one problem for to long, there will be time to ask quesitons why something was not working. \xa0My only, I would not say pet peeve, annoyance was that Javascript was not covered as much as some of us thought it would be. \xa0Your prework was the gamit of what you learn. \xa0So in order to be a total bad ass and rock out, do as much Code Academy, Free Code Camp an any other free online training. \xa0Yes it sucks I know however it will seriously only help you, that you can trust me on. \xa0Come into the program hungry to learn to program not thirsty to get that big paycheck. \xa0On the finding a job note, yes GA, at least in DC, will do everything they can to help you find an awesome position. \xa0However you need to bring your A game and do your part. \xa0I had some people in my class complain that the Outcomes team was either not doing enough or was not doing what they needed. \xa0Well you come to a coding boot camp to learn programming PLUS what employers are looking for, the Outcomes team can not and will not hold your hand. \xa0My experiance with them was different and everything worked out after I stopped and just focused on my skills. \xa0I work part time right now, however I work in Cyber Security which is where I wanted to be. \xa0The company that brought me on said they wanted to bring me on because of my programming experiance but did not have a position open so they asked if I was interested in part time and I jumped on it. \xa0Find a programming stack you enjoy and look for a position alinged with that, do not pick a job with the highest paycheck. \xa0You need to learn first trust me. \xa0I literally go to work excited, armed with the skills I learned in the Military and at General Assembly. \xa0You just have to want this. \xa0On another note to any veterans interested in General Assembly or any other coding boot camp in Washington D.C. I have only this, do not expect these companies to hire you because you are a veteran they do not care. \xa0They want only veterans with degrees no matter your skill level. \xa0Be prepared to hear that a lot, however with that said if you stay out of the government spot light and go private sector you will do fine trust me.\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I took the 7th WDI course in NYC at GA and it was a life changing experience. It was extremely difficult, not just mentally and physically but emotionally.\nI put in about 18 hr days often including the weekends and gave it everything I had. I got what I put in. My instructors were phenomenal and taught me from basically no programming experience and all the essentials of programming mentality, data structures, how the internet works, HTTP, RESTful API, hitting external API's on the backend, scraping, AJAX, responsive design, HTML/CSS, ruby, rails, javascript, jQuery, etc.\nWe learned JavaScript in 2 weeks and by the 3rd week I was able to create a JS side scrolling action game using a game engine library they had never taught.\xa0\nTo this day I still share a bond with many of my classmates as we forged through the experience together.\nA year after graduating, I had gotten a job as a junior developer (on an entire tech stack I had never once learned) and eventually got promoted to run the entire engineering team of 10. We successfully scaled out our flagship product tripling daily revenue, hitting +100k DAU's and eventually GA called me back to teach as a lead instructor.\nIt's been a wild ride but I owe so much not just to the program, but the people. My instructors were quite simply amazing.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., I graduated from GA’s Digital Marketing course in 2013 and their Intro to SQL in 2014 and can honestly say that GA’s courses are great.\nThe content is robust, the teachers are of a high quality and the timings make sense for the full time employed, but what really makes GA stand out is their after care and the community they’ve built. It’s one thing to go and learn a new skill, it’s completely another to try to get a job afterwards. But not with GA. There’s a ton of networking opportunities and meet and greets with hungry startups waiting to snap up fresh talent.\nI’ve gone on to hire GA graduates, who’ve then gone on to start startups, who’ve then gone on to hire GA graduates :)\nI’m still in touch with many of my classmates and the community at large is always willing to help out – that is priceless.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took WDI in London in 2013 as the second course they ever ran. I had no prior coding experience other than the pre-course work they assigned me, as I was working as a historian for English Heritage at the time. Going in, I was super nervous, but quickly found that everyone in the course was more or less in the same position. We were all there to learn from scratch, and that's exactly what we did.\n\r\nThose 3 months were some\xa0of the most intense months of my life and some of the best. We worked insanely\xa0hard, all day every day, often worked (and partied)\xa0late into the night. It was really tough, sometimes confusing, always challenging, but\xa0by the end of it we all could call ourselves developers. My course curriculum was very different to what the current course is today, and by all accounts I hear it is vastly improved (we learned very little javascript back then, which would have been a huge asset to me now). But the foundations I learned in Ruby on Rails completely set me up for my career as a developer.\nI got multiple job offers straight out of the course, and now 3 years later I'm working for an incredible creative agency as a Front End Developer making movie websites. I even got to help build the official Star Wars website last year for The Force Awakens!\n\r\nGeneral Assembly isn't just a course, it's about taking control of your skillset and\xa0your career\xa0and going into an industry where you can solve puzzles every day and get paid to do it. With GA you get the opportunity to learn some truly awesome, relevant skills, meet a new family of people, be mentored by passionate and brilliant instructors, and get access to an international community of developers, designers, marketers, product managers and data scientists\xa0for the rest of your life. It's a fantastic course, an amazing network, and if you are serious about changing the course of your career, I highly recommend GA as your first step towards success.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly's Web Design Circuit is amazing!\xa0It was my first real deep dive into the world of programming and I was delighted to learn with some of the most inspiring, creative, and entrepreneurial\xa0minded\xa0people. GA's staff is incredibly thoughtful and patient (thank goodness because I was so new to all the concepts!). Our teachers\xa0presented the modules\xa0in a logical and fun manner that built upon each week's lesson. Learn should be fun, right?!\xa0\xa0Every online classrroom experience\xa0of the Circuits course unllocked another creative possiblilty that I could tangibly create in my multiple\xa0lines of code. I couldn't be happier with my experience or\xa0what I created as a result of going through the Circuits course. Thanks, GA!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Great instructors, couldn't have asked for better people to learn from.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate.]", '[I signed up for the Web Development Immersive course with no prior development experience.\nThe admissions process checked for basic qualities.\xa0Can you think logically? How serious are you about doing this?\nWe were given small projects to complete at home. Make sure to do these, otherwise you will likely struggle when the course starts.\nYou can expect to work 12hrs a day, Monday-Saturday. It\'s tough,\xa0but there\'s a strong support network. Instructors, alumna, and your peers have your back\xa024-7. Each class defines their own culture and values -\xa0my cohort had a fantastic\xa0camaraderie.\nThis course is 3 months long, however you should manage your expectations. This is the beginning of your journey. Yes - you can come out with the competency of a\xa0junior developer - but the learning doesn\'t stop.\nIt\'s been 2 years since I completed my WDI course.\xa0\xa0General Assembly is still providing value to me now with it\'s\xa0global alumni network and followup events. I went on to code for a few startups, and\xa0subcontract\xa0for the likes of Google and Skype as a Technical PM. I\'ve now founded a company called Fromigo - a\xa0marketplace of tours and activities by local people.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I enrolled in the Web Development Immersive at General Assembly in summer 2014. Given my Industrial Engineering background \xa0+ work in consulting I was a bit skeptical of the program\'s promise to truly bring you up to speed in 12 weeks on being able to get a full time job. My headline for review is: WDI is incredibly valuable, there is 0 minutes wasted on useless topics, everything is practical and a necessary block needed in progression towards becoming a junior developer.\xa0\nFaculty:\xa0The highlight for me was the dedicated faculty (2 instructors per class + 1/2 TAs) who would come to class extremely prepared, run each session as a working session (vs. lecturing at you) and be prepared to stay through the evening as you are going through the daily exercises. The faculty really lives and breathes your success and holds that as a KPI. This is something I could never say about many of my undergraduate professors. They were also extremely good at their job and very up-to-date on what is being used and most relevant in the industry today.\nClassmates: It is a very fun and engaging environment. The class sizes are much smaller than normal university which means you get to really know the people you are studying with. There\'s a lot to be learnt from your classmates throughout the 12 weeks but also during project weeks.\xa0\nRelevance: The WDI team constantly updates the curriculum to make sure students are equipt with the latest talent requirements in the industry. Don\'t be surprised if the curriculum you will take is a bid different than years before -- it is all changes made to student\'s benefits with the aim of getting us junior developer jobs.\xa0\nOutcome: Almost everyone in my class was able to find junior dev jobs 1-3 months post graduation. Others who were interested in becoming a more technical PM, also found WDI useful in giving them credibility needed to deal with engineering teams. I have since had 3 close friends enroll in the program and all happily found great jobs after.\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I have been looking for one of the courses that I can study during my visit to US and my firends who live\xa0in Boston told me that Generalassambley is a good option. I did not have a chance to apply to full courses because of my current studies and I have tried applying for part time. I have filled first document from their website and they replied me that one of their representetives will get\xa0in touch with me.This person send me an email to mark a day and an hour that both of us are available. I did exactly what they asked me for and I got an email that my apointment is confirmed. Hence, when the day arrived no body called my and I have decided to number that exist in the mail. When I called her I told that I have an appointment and gave my name but she told me that she already made an appointment with somebody else , however she can call me back half an hour later. I have waited one hour but she didn\'t call me. I called the other numbers that exists on their web side and I call same person also but nobody asnwered. Next day she send me an email that she didnt understand my name but she was waiting for me... It was a compelete lie because she got my number.\xa0if she wanted to call me she could.\n\xa0 Finally, I tought that it might be a bussy day for them and I made another appoitment with same person another day at 2:30pm but samething happened one moretime. This responsible person called me at 6pm. I dont even remember wether it was the same day or the next day. In these two days I have already apllied for another school\xa0and same day called me and I applied for the school.\xa0\n\xa0It is very unfortunate for companies that most of the people are fighting really hard to do something good and everyting goes wrong just beacause of one person.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., I walked away from the General Assembly course with a vague but imcomplete understanding of what data science could do. Many important subject were not covered, and those covered were taught poorly.\nThe instructor was often unfamiliar with the material and couldn\'t answer many of the students\' questions. He would show up to class unprepared to explain his slides.\nThe General Assembly staff members took weeks and multiple follow-ups to reply to my emails - including about how to give them the money to reserve a place in the class!\nOverall, I was disappointed and frustrated.\nThis Review Is Helpful11Flag as inappropriate., For me, General Assembly was an experience about which I have mixed feelings. Doing an immersive course with little experience and sitting next to people with vast amounts of experience with code was a nightmare. The curriculum cannot adapt to such a disparity of knowledge, and for the amount of money you pay this is not good enough.\n\r\nThe instructors were great, encouraging those with little knowledge to keep trying, but it quickly became overwhelming. The atmosphere was mostly convival with drinks and snacks to end the week, but - and this is probably indicative of the tech industry as a whole - GA seemed to be obssessed with youth. From their marketing to success stories, the age of those graduates was always\xa0heavily underscored.\n\r\nMy advice? Have HTML/CSS/Javascript down to an intermediate level. The pre course materials won\'t prepare you enough for how quickly and deeply you dive in once you begin studying. Alternatively, do a part-time course instead and build your knowledge over a longer period, this will allow more time to process and practice the skills you learn.\nThis Review Is Helpful29Flag as inappropriate., I do not recomend anyone to take any immersive bootcamp with no knowleadge. Honestly, this kind of knowleadge requires a lot of repetition and practice. My advise is do as follows:\n1) learn Fast Typing. If you don\'t know how to type fast, a good free website is www.Typingclub.com It is veeeery important to keep your attention on the screen when coding, rateher that shifting your attention to the keyboard.\n2)Finish ALL of\xa0the folowing free websites certifications:\xa0\n\xa0 \xa0\xa0a)All of the certificates of\xa0www.freecodecamp.com.\n\xa0 \xa0 b)After finished with freecodecamp, then start from scratch and do all of the tutorials at\xa0www.codeschool.com .\xa0Yes, do the same thing you did on the previous website,\xa0AGAIN; take the Javascript course as if it was the first time you have ever seen Javascript; be patient, it may seem repetitive\xa0and tedious at first, but it is worth it, it is practice. Remember the baseball players have to practice easy throws for many hours beforfe being able to perform good in a MLB game.\xa0Finish all free courses in the following order: HTML/CSS, Javascript, JQuery, comand line, RubyOnRails, learnGIT.\n\xa0 \xa0 c) My recomendation is to even take all the free courses on \xa0www.codecademy.com\xa0as well; Yes, all of the from scratch. why? at that point you should be ablke to just fly through all the excescises and lessons and finish thye entire body of lessons in a matter of a week. On every website you will find a new piece of information that was not covered by the others.\xa0\n* it would be even a good ide if you are spending over $10,000 in a bootcamp to pay for a $20 membership at one of those site to get opremium access to other lessons that will prepare you even better. Trust me, payin extra $20 for a couple of months will make you take a really good advantage when you start you $10k bootcamp.\n\xa0\n3) \xa0Then, and ONLY THEN, enroll in a 3-month on-site intensive immersive bootcamp.\xa0\n4) Most likely, the school will require for you to work on a pre-course project to get you up to speed by the time the actual bootcamp starts. you should be able to finish the pre-course assigments in half the time of the other students. Normally that is a 40-hours period\xa0you must dedicate to finish the pre-requisite before starting class. If there is a waiting list and you can;t start right away,\xa0\xa0keep\xa0practicing\xa0on sites such as www.codewars.com. Also learn how to work with the developers tools such as the inspector\xa0from google and mozila; codeschool.com has a really good tutorial on their website for that.\xa0\n\xa0\nNow let me warn you:\xa0what you learn in all the self teaching tutorials form those websites, is JUST THE TIP OF THE ICEBERG. By no means are you prepared to apply for any\xa0jobs. It requires A LOT of practice. While in school, make sure to prepare really good portfolio quality projects, that\'s why it is important you come already knowing the basics of coding on each topic by finishing those tutorials. It is hard, it is not easy, but if you come prepared to the bootcamp by finishing all the free online tutorial from those websites,\xa0it will be a very pleasurable and rewarding experience, otherwise it will be very VERY frustrating. \xa0\nSo, plan yourself for 3 months preparing for the 3-4 months long bootcamp to really be able to learn what you need to learn to start a carreer as a developer.\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful108Flag as inappropriate., I took a part-time General Assembly class, just 2 nights per week (for 12 weeks), and learned to confidently construct pixel perfect front-end websites. Having time between the courses left me with the freedom to thoroughly explore each lesson\'s contents while practicing my own implementations.\xa0\nThe teachers (and teacher\'s assistants) were top notch! Soon after completing the course, I became 100% confident in CSS & HTML challenges, and I\'m a bit less intimidated by the challenge of Javascript. In fact, I plan to take another General Assembly course dedicated to JS this coming summer.\nAll in all, the courses may seem a bit pricey, but they are well worth every penny.\nThanks GA!\nAlex\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., I took the Digital Marketing Circuit online and the course fell way below expectations. As background, I came into the course with very little marketing experience or knowledge (I\'m looking to pivot away from my existing, non-marketing profession), however, I am very familiar with the online learning landscape and have taken a variety of online courses through my undergraduate and graduate careers, as well as through MOOCs like Coursera and Lynda. Here\'s a list of my pros and cons:\nPros:\n\nDigital marketing, as a topic, is definitely a useful thing to have in one\'s tool kit\nContent was digestable\nCan be done online, from anywhere\n\nCons:\n\nMinimal downloadable course content. For $750 I expect more than a slim "review" sheet that reads more like a list of definitions with some pretty images, and the assignment worksheets.\nThe course is trying to target too many audiences at once and, in doing so, is a very poor fit for most potential students. As a newbie, I found some of the assignments to assume I knew or had access to certain information that was outside the scope of the class (for example, market data). Yet, if I were a seasoned marketing professional, much of the content would have been useless for me. For example,\xa0spending an entire unit on KPIs and metrics, including explaining the virtues of using a bar graph versus a pie chart to capture certain data, seems really remedial for most people with any marketing background. In other words, it is at once too unrealistic and too basic given the wide swath of audience they say the course is appropriate for.\xa0\nThe PDF files for assignments are clunky. Moreover, they come across as schoolgirl worksheets. While useful for establishing ways to think about an issue and plan strategies, they DO NOT equate to a portfolio that can be presented to potential employers or hosted in an online portfolio as a substitue for work product.\xa0\xa0Also, for ~$15/month you can have access to Lynda courses and download any worksheet like materials (and you can cancel your membership any time). Since this is the primary thing you can download from the course, they simply do not cut muster.\xa0\nGeneral Assembly makes a big deal about the 1:1 mentoring sessions. Here\'s the thing: it\'s the only interaction you\'ll get, and the content is entirely dependent on you. Therefore, each week you have one, thirty minute opportunity to ask questions related to marketing in general,\xa0get feedback on your work, and ask questions about the upcoming material. This strikes me as really odd, particularly for a $750 class. Feedback should be asynchronous. Follow up questions for feedback can be asked during mentoring sessions, but it is a waste of time to utilize scant instructional sessions in this way. I would also point out that the live versions of the GA courses have TAs present at the sessions in addition to office hours.\xa0\nFor a digital marketing course, it surprised me that new digital platforms weren\'t mentioned, such as Vine and Snapchat.\xa0\xa0\nAll of the assignments required\xa0a business and audience for you to work from (you use the same business throughout). You can ask the course produce to give you a model business if you don\'t have one you want to, or can, use. That\'s what I did. Funny thing is, the business wasn\'t well aligned to the assignments. Further, I was given no options or alternative selections.\xa0\nThere are only 4 educational units. The 5th is purely the "final project" which amounts to putting all your other assignments together in a brand new worksheet. Of course, you are encouraged to improve upon your work, or start over from scratch (!), but, essentially, the 5th unit is a bit misleading. Again, this "final project" cannot support portfolio use.\xa0\xa0\nThere\'s no in-course engagement. Participants are busy, so I don\'t blame them/us. But, neither the mentors nor the course produce facilitate conversation, comment on posts, etc.\xa0\xa0\nUnit content and unit quizzes don\'t always align. \xa0\nAs an interesting side note, the number of enrollees who continued posting completed assignments decreased markedly from week to week. In fact, there was nearly a 50% decrease each week. This is significant for two reasons: first, the entire course started with 34 people, of which only 30 posted the first assignment. Second, you can\'t view course content for future units until you have posted the current unit assignment. For example, if I\'m working through unit 2, I can\'t see the course content for 3, 4, or 5 until I post my unit 2 assignment. Until then, everything is locked.\xa0\nThere was something very grating about receiving email surveys requesting a brief review/evaluation of each unit after submitting an assignment when no similar feedback was provided for students (apart from students asking specific questions in mentoring sessions hosted via Zoom). I don\'t know, it seems like if I\'m paying you, I should be guaranteed a few feedback touchpoints. If I\'m paying you, and you\'re asking me for feedback on an assignment I\'ve already completed, that strikes me as out of balance. This sounds awful, I know, but they would have been better off incentivizing me in some way if they were truly interested in my opinion (hey, I did learn something after all).\xa0\n\nOverall, I felt like this was a beta version of a course\xa0packaged\xa0as a high-gloss, cutting edge but tested\xa0program that would provide participants not only with immediately portable skills and knowledge but also true portfolio material. In many ways, it feels like a cheap money maker. I was told by a mentor that the course was put online recently. Having a bit of\xa0background in online education I know that you cannot simply translate existing material for live courses into online settings and expect the same functionality. Truly, though, my impression upon completing the course was that this was a low-cost way for General Assembly to expand their base of customers. Very little thought seems to been given to what online students would walk away with. The actual value proposition is low. You basically work independently, receive minimal feedback (which is entirely dependent upon the questions you ask), walk away with no reference materials apart from the notes you take, and have a pretty useless "portfolio" project that looks like worksheets from high school (sure, it may help you think through things but it is not going to impress anyone).\xa0In essence, you can acquire nearly as much, if not exactly as much, from Lynda. For $750, the return on investment is low. I really wanted to like this program. Sadly, I cannot recommend that anyone else enroll.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful39Flag as inappropriate., For the sake of full disclosure, prior to attending General Assembly, I was an entry-level IT technician and I\'d been coding as an occasional hobby since I was 11 or 12. I took an XHTML and CSS course in 2008 and a semester of Java in 2010. In late 2014, I got serious about having a career in web development and made a habit of studying and writing code for 3-5 hours a day. I started with free tutorials in HTML, CSS, and jQuery, then I focused on pure JavaScript. I also attended meetups and took on small coding tasks at my day job.\nI applied to General Assembly in June 2015. The process included an interview and some prework: completing the Dash tutorial and making an \'About Me\' page. The interview itself involved a logic problem, a typing test, and some basic questions like those one would encounter in a job interview. I did find employment shortly afterwards; I\'ve been with my current employer since the Monday after graduation.\nThey assigned some prework in July; the estimated completion time was about 40 hours. I think that estimate was a bit generous. It took me a couple of days to complete it. YMMV, of course, but I believe that if you have a basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and a little JS then it won\'t take long to complete the prework.\nThe first part of the course was HTML5, CSS3, Sass, and various front-end tools (Bower, Grunt, Gulp, etc). We were given three days to complete our first project. My first project failed miserably because I tried to do way too much, but I will say that I learned a lot from the experience. We were given more time for the other projects.\nThe second part of the course was PostgreSQL, Ruby on Rails with .erb files serving as the front end, and quite a bit of Bootstrap. Most people in the course ended up with a preferred language. I came in loving JavaScript and I came out even more interested in it. Ruby, on the other hand, was almost counterintuitive to me. So I can\'t do that part of the course any justice.\nThe third part was more advanced JavaScript and 3/4 of the MEAN stack. We used Node.js, Express, and MongoDB for the back end. The front end was .ejs, not Angular. The corresponding project was a group project. I enjoyed this part of the course. I started applying for jobs and interviewing after the second project.\nThe fourth part incorporated Angular, along with more JS. For the fourth project, we were given a little more time and had the option to work individually or in a group. I prefer working solo, so I basically holed up at home for the last week of the course and worked on my project.\nAs an aside, it is possible to do well in this course and not have a Mac. They strongly recommend purchasing one, but I couldn\'t afford even the cheapest Mac that met their minimum specs. So I used my trusty Linux laptop with very few problems. The problems I did encounter were solved with some Googling. The good part of that was that I never had to worry about someone mistaking my charger for theirs or vice versa.\nThe good:\n\nA lot of meetup groups and companies hold events there, which is a good opportunity for networking.\nThe course producers and instructors are helpful and genuinely want their students to succeed.\nI had a job offer less than 24 hours after the end of the course.\nWeekly outcomes (job search) workshops.\nFree Red Bull, food, and beer.\nGreat classmates\nAccessible via public transit (but no MARTA student passes)\nCredit towards their workshops\nAlumni discount for future courses and workshops\nA tour of Atlanta Tech Village\n\nThe neutral:\n\nThe guy in charge of Outcomes moved on to a different job a few weeks into my cohort, so the course producers had to take over for him and the weekly Outcomes one-on-ones weren\'t so weekly. His replacement was hired towards the end of the course, and she was extremely kind, helpful, and encouraging, which is why this is under the neutral category.\nGeneral Assembly hasn\'t been in the Atlanta area for that long, so they don\'t necessarily have the hiring network that their more established campuses may have. But this is changing. I got my job through my cohort\'s TA, who in turn got his job through the recommendation of another GA graduate.\nI would have preferred to learn one stack in depth rather than covering two.\n\nThe bad:\n\nCarpal tunnel from the unergonomic tables. I went through a lot of Advil because I was going to finish the course one way or another.\n\nIt definitely would have been possible to learn the same material online and for less money than what I paid GA. This is not a knock on the instructors or the school itself; it\'s simply acknowledging the fact that there\'s a plethora of free documentation and instructional materials for virtually every major development tool, framework, and language out there. I didn\'t choose to attend a bootcamp solely for the technical instruction. I was interested in learning how to build a network, how to interview well, and the other non-technical aspects of breaking into the industry.\n\r\nOverall, my experience with General Assembly was very good. I feel that the 9 months of studying I did before attending allowed me to get a lot more out of the course than I would have otherwise. In order to get the most out of it, I would strongly advise doing as much self-study as possible prior to dropping thousands of dollars on a bootcamp.\nThis Review Is Helpful27Flag as inappropriate., I am a student at GA\'s WDI program in Santa Monica. \xa0I am currently on week 4 of 12.\nThus far, I can say GA Santa Monica has surpassed my expecations. \xa0My background: I\'m a digital marketer/content guy. \xa0 I wanted to learn a hard skill with a lot market upside. \xa0So I started researching coing programs, \xa0GA, has a lot of reviews on yelp and this website. \xa0After some research I went with GA (Santa Monica). \xa0\nGoing in I had fear I would not be able to learn code, that the $13,500 tuition (and time would be a complete waste. \xa0After knowing zero code, after out first project sprint to launch a 2 player game using Javascipt/jQuery/HTML/CSS, I can say the program is working! \xa0Without GA, there;s no way I could make progress I\'ve made. \xa0And I am really proud of my cohort, because we all have worked long nights to make it even this far. \xa0Just know you will: \xa0need to work your ass off, up 12 hour days; but this prgram will turn you into a developer. \xa0Defintely do the pre-work, and get up to speed on Javscript (GA does MEAN stack). \xa0\nOutcomes Department: \xa0I\'m still a sudent, but I think very favorably on the department that preps us towards job placement. \xa0They don\'t hand you jobs, but througought the program they guide you on your resume, linkedin, elevator speech; the best practices to get a job out of this program,\nYou can see my project 1 here:\xa0fleacircus.tv/moviepop\nmy Github:\xa0https://github.com/dskaiser82/proj1\n\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., Admin guy only replies when its relevent to money and ignores other email relating questions about dates etc.\xa0\nThey really take anyone who pays that\'s all.\xa0\xa0They just want your money & very pushy with contract & money transfer. Very unpleasant.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful23Flag as inappropriate., **You want to read this!\nI\'m in a new bootcamp, an ACTUAL bootcamp because I actually feel the pressure and in a good way. The people are encouraging and MOST importantly the technology is new and in demand.\nI found a lot of discouragement for new approaches, and the reasons were justified with "oh its just bad practice and not used in the industry" what lies. The current and certainly much more reputed bootcamp teaches the exact opposite.\nThere\'s nothing special in getting into GA, trust me there isn\'t, no offense to my classmates but some of them didn\'t know what "var" in JavaScript meant, and they managed to get in.\nTowards the latter half, I constantly showed up an hour/maybe more late because i spent the equivalent time learning things that actually will make a difference to my job search (node,angular,react) - lets say i bought 18 courses on Udemy during my time at GA.\nI\'m angered by how the course,teaching and environment is fostered compared to my present bootcamp. Turns out i\'m not the only one who came to this bootcamp after GA because they didn\'t feel confident enough!\nYou will get a job after GA, because the market is just that desperate. Most of the "projects" are you just following some tutorial and show casing it at the end hahaha! All the best getting support if you\'re trying to do something different!\n\r\nIf u complete codecademy/codeschool you\'ve pretty much done about the first 6 weeks of the course, it gets tricky once back end begins, but then again if i reflect it was "made" hard, it really wasn\'t that difficult what we did. Yes, relational DB\'s are difficult for anyone who looks at it the first time but, not impossible.\nI spent most of my time playing catchup , typing code blindly because the instructor was typing fast. So i decided to just listen after some time, and guess what - you\'re told what to do, not why.\nYou learn about "data structures" well touch on in, in the last week, they make it seem like some super hard difficult thing. It\'s not, it\'s linked lists,hash maps are tougher. Data structures are fun, not difficult and they\'re SO important in becoming a great developer.\nYou strive for greatness? don\'t do GA, its a waste of time, get serious and join some of the other top end bootcamps.\nEnd of it, 80% of my cohort got jobs, that doesn\'t mean GA was good hahaha no way, it was WEAK in it\'s curriculum, the market is desperate as I said. While people at GA thrive to make todo lists, which we did haha, other bootcamps warm up with todo lists.\nIf u have experience with backend/LAMP stack and you\'re finding GA hard, i would suggest you re-evaluate your career choices (i\'m never discouraging,not once in my life have i spoken negative about someone, but my distaste for this place grows each day i progress with my current bootcamp)\nWant to hear a funny thing, we had our meet and greet, i met up with a recruiter, he called me and this is what he had to say "other than you and 1-2 others, I doubt anyone will get a job because they just don\'t have the skills". Let it be said that 80% got jobs, so the recruiters prediction didn\'t work, but you get what I mean, MARKET wants, you learn bare minimum.\n\r\nTL;DR GA -> 0 to 40 , you may get a job based on your market, but you won\'t learn anything useful\nThis Review Is Helpful34Flag as inappropriate.]', '[The WDI class moves quickly, so I recommend going in with at least a cursory knowledge of the bash command line, git, and GitHub. They\'ll be covered\xa0in the first week of class, but you\'ll be less likely to panic if you\'ve at least seen them before. Just do some Googling.\nI also recommend Codecademy.com, which gave me a worthwhile\xa0introduction to HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Ruby, all of which were used extensively throughout the class. Take your time and type through the lessons.\nMy instructors were a quartet of\xa0rock stars. Super responsive, never contrived, with cupcakes and sprinkles for all ;)\nI suppose it helped that all our\xa0classmates were\xa0totally awesome. If you come to GA convinced that the world is ending, suspicious of the very technologies you\'re trying to learn, you\'re gonna have a bad time.\xa0But if you come to GA with an open mind and an open heart, you will find a community of real, live humans who routinely take a half-hour chunk out of their\xa0day, not even their\xa0lunch hour, to just sit around in groups and chat. I think that\'s righteous.\nHaving recently completed WDI, I\'m considering branching out into related fields as I begin the job search. I enjoy web design, and it\'ll come in handy no matter where my path goes, but my first love is learning. Possibly the greatest emphasis was placed at GA on knowing how to learn—everyone is different—and\xa0in the Cloud, we are never truly alone ;)\nThe world is changing, and we have work to do.\nPeace!\nThis Review Is Helpful12Flag as inappropriate., For those who have a year or two of software development experience but are having a difficult time making that career leap, GA might be a great resource for you. For others with little to no tech experience, GA is probably not the answer. The problem with the curriculum is they move to fast for someone who is trying to start out in this field. One doesn\'t have the time or resources to\xa0figure something out before they quickly move you onto the next thing.\n\r\nThe community is good and if you\'re in the bootcamp program, there is a good amount of attention you get form engineers and teachers who are willing to help you. Albeit that is not to say you will struggle and feel like things are being thrown at you too fast without being able to understand the micro details, which is essential to the coding process.\n\r\nThe classes that are offered outside of the bootcamp, like the part-time front end class will be a headache if you are trying to actually make a career change. You don\'t get the resources or help you need to make that leap. The TA\'s have little to no teaching experience and are just starting out in the field as developers.\xa0\n\r\nThe problem with GA is they will take on anyone who has the willingness to learn, but do a poor job of delineating those who already have a good amount of experience, and those who have none whatsoever. They will simply take on anyone because they want their business to prosper. \xa0This presents a huge problem, as I see plenty of grads from the bootcamp who are unemployed and struggling because they don\'t have the tools necessary to become software developers.\n\r\nMy best recommendation would be to avoid the part-time classes, and if you have a couple years experience and know your stuff but are having trouble making the career leap, GA would probably be a good bet for you. If you have no coding experience, try Treehouse or get mentorship, and a couple years down the line try out the bootcamp.\xa0\n\r\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful31Flag as inappropriate., This course includes 10 online modules to complete\xa0with a project (excel file) to submit at the end, along with 10 weekly live lectures (that are recorded and can be watched at a later date). The lectures may or may not be directly related to what you\xa0are\xa0learning in the online module that week. You are also supposed to book a 30-minute 1:1 session with a mentor each week to discuss any questions or roadblocks you are facing in completing your modules.\xa0The course costs\xa0$1,250.\nThe first two to three weeks covered nothing but Excel basics and creating various types of charts. For me this was much too easy, but I understand that this was probably to make sure everyone, even total beginners, were on the same page as more experienced folks. Then we moved onto learning SQL, which was helpful (technically\xa0you can get the same info from a CodeAcademy couse for free, but the way it was presented in GA was much more palatable for those with no coding experience). Finally, we focused on design and presentation, which was helpful but also probably covered in any univeristy-level public speaking course.\nYou don\'t really learn any statistical methods other than obtaining the basic mode, median, mean,\xa0and you don\'t learn how to tell what values would be considered\xa0significant.\xa0You do brush the surface of learning\xa0how to analyze data (using pivot tables in Excel), how to chart data\xa0(using\xa0Excel charts), how to\xa0gather data\xa0(using SQL), and how to present data\xa0(using PowerPoint and\xa0presentation skills). And also some color/design theory that helps you\xa0make your charts look good.\nThe worst thing about this course is that there isn\'t a strucured way of getting concrete feedback on your projects. First,\xa0you have to ask for feedback. I guess this is more similar to a real-world situation, but it shouldn\'t be the case when I\'m paying for a course! Even when I asked for feedback by scheduling\xa0Zoom meetings with my mentor, I was not getting any valuable feedback on my projects or the recommedation that I ended up making based on the data. I don\'t think my mentor even looked at my projects, he would just say things like "there are\xa0no right or wrong answers."\xa0At a certain point I stopped scheduling these meetings because they were worthless. They should at least have your mentor grade your project or require that the mentor review your project and come up with some recommendatios to give you.\nThe second-to-worst thing about this course was how it was a bit disorganized.\xa0Maybe it\'s the technical writer in me, but I got to a point where I was so annoyed at the typos and/or minsinformation sent in mass emails, and the often conflicting information given in the instructions for submitting projects that GA really lost credibility for me, and I don\'t know if I\'d recommend it.\xa0Maybe after having a few circuits they\'ll have worked out the kinks.\nIn terms of what they are doing well - the content was good for a beginner,\xa0lectures are interesting, and everyone I\'ve interacted with has been\xa0very nice and willing to help\xa0me understand the material. You can tell that they\'re trying to make this a good course. But you have to be a very specific type of learner (and a total beginner in data analytics)\xa0for this to work for you,\xa0and you have to be willing to beg for feedback, because otherwise you aren\'t going to get any, and you\'re probably not going to get much out of the course.\nThis Review Is Helpful25Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly was my introduction to a coding boot camp and into web development. \xa0I attended and completed their full stack web dev program. \xa0The costs were high and I commuted to DC everyday because I was commited. \xa0I stayed late after class to work on projects with groups or sometimes alone, got and pestered instructors for help, but at the end of the course, yes I know so much more but I felt it was not enough.\nI would say only 25% of the students were capable of what the course had advertised and the rest of the 75% that were left, most of them were just as commited and dedicated but just didn\'t get certain subjects nor gain the proficiency to do it well. \xa0If you were in the 25% great but if you were not, then you were SOL, there is no free repeat and the help you needed were hard to find during the course.\nI would attend somewhere else as the amount of time you just commited is not something you will get back.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful59Flag as inappropriate., Programming has always been a passion of mine and discovering General Assembly has allowed me to gain the skills to turn my passion into a career. Coming from a more technical background through my own self learning, GA gave me\xa0practical application skills. I\'m still amazed that I created three fully fledged web applications each in only one week. Now, I make apps in my spare time with ease as I continue to develop\xa0my skills. Through GA\'s assistance I accepted an offer from Expedia only 2 1/2 months after graduation.\nThis Review Is Helpful11Flag as inappropriate., I recently completed the part time Digital Marketing course at General Assembly in Seattle. I am SO HAPPY I decided to do this - and that is saying something considering that it took place every Saturday for 10 weeks during Seattle\'s sunniest summer ever!\nEverything I knew (before taking this class) I learned on the job. (I am currently working as a marketer for a tech company in Fremont.) I joined GA’s Digital Marketing course to become better at what I do, learn from industry experts, and gain a network of marketers who I can continue to grow with and learn from. The course absolutely lived up to those expectations - and even my co-workers have noticed the positive impact this class has had on what I bring to the team!\nI loved learning from an instructor who is actively working in the industry. She was super knowledgable and clearly cares about her students. It\'s great to know that she is someone I can continue to bounce marketing ideas and challenges off of in the future. During our final presentations (which is great professional experience, by the way!), I also made friends with one of the judges (another industry expert!) who I think will continue to be a great mentor moving forward.\nAnd, of course, I can\'t leave a review without mentioning how happily surprised I was to learn what a wonderful community exists at GA. The staff (Annie in particular) and my fellow students were all so warm and welcoming.\xa0\nI\'ll end this by saying that my company is currently hiring and, based on the content of this course and quality of instruction, I\'d feel very comfortable hiring a GA grad!\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., I took Digital Marketing at General Assembly from March 2015 to June 2015. I loved every moment of it. The curriculum is highly relevant and includes up to the minute material that will really put you in such a great position to be successful as a digital marketer. The instructor and teaching assistants were also highly knowledgeable, very hands on and always willing to help.\nGA isn\'t your typical university. There\'s a certain vibe about it that you will grow to love. It\'s cutting edge, if you will. Coming out of the course, I now work with content marketing, SEO, social media, email marketing -- MANY of the concepts\xa0on a daily basis and it\'s been a huge asset to my business. Most importantly, it\'s helped me lay out a full digital marketing plan.\nThanks GA!!\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., I took the Front End Web a Development course with GA and had such a positive experience. I am a full-time freelancer so the part-time two classes per week schedule worked perfectly for me. My teachers were the head web developers at Nordstrom\xa0and pretty much the coolest guys ever. I learned everything I had hoped to out of the class, and some that I didn\'t even know I would. Now I have an incredible, responsive website portfolio for future clients hosted on GitHub and I did it all in class!\xa010 out of 10 would take another class with the Seattle GA if I wasn\'t moving in a month!\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., My background before I started my journey into web development was in documentary production, journalism and education. I had no clue about where to begin coding digital experiences. Sure, I have some experience with CMS (Content Management System) and some HTML and CSS, but not to the extent I needed in order to build my own web app. Which is where my journey began: I wanted to build a journalism education game app and pitched it at my previous company’s internal hackathon. It was chosen as one of the winning apps, and I got to work with a team of developers producers, and engineers. From that point on, I was hooked on working in the world of apps!\n\xa0\nBefore attending General Assembly’s Web Development Immersive (WDI) course I looked into other institutions and I’m very happy that I chose GA. Not only do I feel like I belong to a strong community of intelligent, hard-working, and supportive employees, students and alumni, I feel like a successful student! I knew about General Assembly while I lived and worked in NYC, and because of my fiancée, who TA’d for the first General Assembly UXDI (User Experience Design Immersive) course in San Francisco. So even though I kind of knew about the great community, I experienced it firsthand when I started the WDI program in Seattle. \xa0\n\xa0\nIt was an intense and sometimes scary ride, but it was worth every moment. I made great friends, colleagues, and had sympathetic course producers and instructors. My instructors have both professional and educational experience. They were very good about gauging class participation and pacing of lessons. I knew that the material being taught is based on what’s being used the in the professional world and the latest technology, so I knew I’d be getting a great return on my investment. \n\nAfter my course, I was offered the Developer-in-Residence (DIR) fellowship and gladly accepted it. I’m very proud to be able to give back to the next cohort and pay it forward using my newfound knowledge and skills. \n\nAfter my DIR fellowship, I’ve been asked to come back as a TA for the 3rd cohort and am thrilled to have recently accepted a full-time Associate Technical Product Manager position at Expedia. Because of General Assembly, not only have I been able to transition into tech, but I have also learned skills I can combine with my previous experiences as a producer to advance my career. Thank you GA!\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., I\xa0was in the first Web Development Immersive (WDI) in Seattle. I am now a Front-End Web Developer at a consulting/creative agency. Before doing this I was in healthcare and I decided to make a career change. I did research on other coding bootcamps around Seattle. I decided to go with GA for a number of reasons. First, the course curriculm was amazing. I learned 3 different stacks in 3 months. Second, the career/networking help they provide during and after the course. I was able to find a job within a month of finishing the course.\xa0Third, the community that GA has in Seattle and around the world. And finally the people that work at GA Seattle. The entire staff at GA Seattle is there to support every student part time or full time. I can now say that I love my job and I am making more money than I ever have thanks to GA. I can say without a doubt that GA changed my life.\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., I recently completed GA\'s Web Development Immersive and am so incredibly glad I discovered the program. For me, it was a positive, uplifting environment where I made incredible friends and connections. The instructors and staff are truly dedicated to helping change peoples\' lives and give them valuable, marketable skills.\n\nI had researched other coding schools, however, none seemed as personable and prestigious as GA. Also, no other school\'s curriculum or course format seemed to fit my needs quite as well.\n\nThat being said, it was no cakewalk; I had very little trace of a life outside of GA for the duration of the three-month course. 10-12 hours each day (in order to successfully retain most of the concepts) is no exaggeration.\n\nI\'m currently in a full-time three-month contract position, and because of the effort I put forth in the immersive, I have very few concerns about attaining my next role. A big theme at GA is "growth mindset" and this is an especially helpful thought pattern for when you\'re feeling less-than-capable.\n\nHowever, before you decide to take the plunge, ask yourself: do I love learning constantly, do I have emotional fortitude (e.g. being comfortable with struggling through concepts daily), am I doing this for the pure joy of building/creating/designing, and am I willing to dedicate three months of my life to coding and sleeping? If yes, then I highly recommend! Good luck!\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., I taught design for a couple of years at Microsoft after 15 years as a product deigner there, and I\'ve been very impressed with the quality of the General Assembly User Experience Design Immersive curriculum in Seattle. Also, the results speak for themselves: most of the previous UXDI grads have found work in the field.\nThis Review Is Helpful13Flag as inappropriate.]', '[I loved my experience at GA. My instructors were invested, knowledgeable and genuinely cared about sending us into the working world prepared. The instructors are constantly iterating on the curriculum, based on student feedback, and market-specific research.\xa0The immersive courses are intense - expect to put in between 70-100 hours a week, depending on the project you\'re working on.\nYou absolutely get out what you put in - if you aren\'t super focused on the course, the immersive is likely not the best fit for you. The UXDI immersive also emphazises group work - that is something to keep in mind when considering UXDI, be prepared to work on a team, with compassion and respect.\xa0Because the UXDI program\xa0encourages project-based work, you leave the program with a work-ready portfolio. GA is an incredibly welcoming community, and one that they encourage you to stay part of beyond your time in class.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful13Flag as inappropriate., I went to GA Seattle WDI (Web Development Immersive) course. It changed my life. Within 1 1/2 months of graduation, I was offered a great job at a company that\'s considered one of the top 5 to work for in the pacific NW. Starting next week I\'ll be a Software Engineer making more than twice what I made in my previous career, and I enjoy the work much more. I can\'t heap enough praise onto the General Assembly Web Development program. Like I said, it\'s changed my life in ways I didn\'t think possible.\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., The WDI experience varies from class to class largely depending on the teachers. There is no standard curriculum across WDI classes, they are put together by the teachers of that class. So people from one WDI class learn things a person from another WDI might not not. There is also no standard pre-work, this too is put together by the teachers for their class. Seeing how this varies from classes in one location, I can only imagine the difference compared to several locations.\nCredit the folks at GA for being very quick to make adjustments based on the student feedback. It’s great to know they do listen to the feedback, and are constantly making adjustments, but it doesn’t change what you’ve missed out on.\xa0\nGA is fitting so much into 3 months, there is so much taught at a very quick pace, some things are squeezed in so while “covered” it’s not really a learning experience.\xa0\nThe overall WDI learning experience also depends on if you’re starting with prior experience with at least one or two languages. The pre-work was not adequate preparation for the class if you were starting with no experience. Before starting WDI, it would be best to spend a couple of months at least becoming familiar with JS and Ruby, you will be setting yourself up for\xa0a much better learning experience. If you need extra assistance/time with a teacher you’re out of luck, this was not something available to students.\nThey have some terrific teachers and several not so terrific teachers. People can be highly qualified skill-wise but this doesn’t necessarily make them a good teacher. Additionally, they have many teachers who are only recently out of their WDI program. Like most learning situations, the teacher has a big impact on the learning experience. When you need to learn in 3 months, and don\'t get a do-over, it\'s a big drawback to have a not-so-good teacher for the 3 months.\xa0\nWDI is a grueling program that can be truly amazing and rewarding if you’re lucky to have quality teachers.\xa0It’s a very comfortable environment, which is important since you’re there from morning to evening. Their emphasis on “community” is great. If you’re not starting with a good amount of prior experience you will need to be fully committed for the 3 months. The majority of students who took the program with no prior experience finish and still need to learn while those who took the program with some prior experience are ready and able to land jobs.\xa0\nThere is a weekly session with a career person but once the program ends, aside from some shared leads, you feel like you’re on your own in the job search. Which can be intimidating when you’re trying to land that first job as a developer and you see the job posts which make you feel like you\'re not qualified for the job.\nI have no regrets about taking WDI but I also wish I would’ve known what I now do. GA can be a great experience but depending upon your learning style and needs it might not be best for everyone. There’s no way I would have the knowledge I gained in the 3 months if I was learning on my own but learning more about other bootcamps, I can think of at least one that would’ve better suited my learning style and needs.\nThis Review Is Helpful29Flag as inappropriate., I took to the nighttime FEWD course at GA\'s SF campus. I thought the first 2 curriculum sections (HTML and CSS) were\xa0good. The teachers explained the concepts well and had us apply new concepts\xa0to projects.\xa0However, the last section covering JS was very difficult and the curriculum was not in depth, leaving the majority of the students lost in the last 3rd of the course. GA should have realized that JS was a much more difficult concept to grasp and created more material for students to read, create\xa0better practice projects and so forth.\nOver all it was a good intro\xa0class for frontend web development. Most people weren\'t looking to switch careers, just up-level their current skill set.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful13Flag as inappropriate., GA scaled too quickly.. it seems to me that instructors are overworked.. use poorly designed courses, in many cases the code challenge had some bugs in it.. and wasn\'t the most useful.. the videos weren\'t the best at explaining things..\xa0\nI only learned something mostly in the live lectures where you could ask quesitons.. doing it through email was difficult to get a response I could understand.\xa0\nexpensive for what you get..\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful14Flag as inappropriate., I didn\'t have a great experience. \xa0I was really pressured to sign up and was assured multiple times that I did not need Adobe CC experience - which for this class was just not the case. \xa0I think if I had some level of comfort with Photoshop and Illustrator, I would have enjoyed the class more.\xa0\nI thought the business strategy was basic - and my instructor was pretty terrible. \xa0He has lots of skill and experience, but those two things combined do not always make a good teacher.\xa0\nOverall, a massive waste of my time and money. \xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful19Flag as inappropriate., I took a one day course to get a review, which wasn\'t that great. A few students left before the class ended with\xa0hours to spare. I think the guy was very knowledgeable about Analytics but couldn\'t teach worth a dime.\xa0\nI looked into their\xa0digi marketing program and was considering that but declinced to move forward after speaking to a couple of reps. The first was very wishy-washy in her statements and contradictory. I spoke to another rep upon request. She was better, but I could tell a lot of her answers seemed made up on the spot. I\'m comparing this program to other programs and continuing to look. Here are some things that should be readily available for prospective students:\xa0\n-feedback from random graduates who can be emailed.\n-success rate of students who intended to find work afterwards and actually got placed, inclusive of data on part timers, contract, and full-time.\nAfter checking out the digital marketing\xa0teacher and not being very impressed (no website and almost zilch on social media presence), I realized that it was initially supposed to be a female teacher. Now it\'s been switched to\xa0a male teacher who was probably brought in the last minute, which would explain why he didn\'t have much of an online presence. Not very appealing when the subject to be taught includes social media. FYI, I\'ve read quite a bit on these start-up bootcamps (very low barrier to entry) and the digital marketing programs seemed to be treated as an afterthought, including the amount of teaching practice, or lack thereof, that these instructors have. Not to mention that the founders have no background in education as a past interest or career.\xa0\xa0It seems I\'ll have to patchwork the coursework I need from different places. I\'m looking at Stanford, Duke, Berkeley, and MarketMotive next. Here\'s something to read on:\xa0http://www.fastcompany.com/3023456/become-an-ios-developer-in-8-weeks-the-truth-about-hack-schools\nRegarding bootcamps for coders:\xa0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-U5D4RSHRI&feature=youtu.be\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., Maybe it was the particular representative\xa0who forgot to attend charm school, but this place really rubbed me the wrong way.\nHere I was, all set to attend an informational session and ready to shell out big bucks for continuing education. \xa0And then, prior to the informational session,\xa0I get a phone call from the head of admissions demanding to *screen* me and know about my profession before letting me attend the informational session, even though this information should have been clear from my LinkedIn profile and company URL!!!!\nI should mention a couple of things about my "profession" and "background": I\'m CEO of a software company with a graduate degree in computer science. \xa0And my name is obviously foreign-sounding.\nI do believe these people discriminate based on some factors that are not clear.\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful14Flag as inappropriate., It\'s definitely a difficult path...but rewarding if you put in the time and effort. General Assembly fosters a community that thrives off of on another and also pushes young programmers towards a job that they will treasure. I had literally the best group of instructors in the school\'s history, not to mention being put amognst a brilliant crop of students. The 9-5 12 week schedule is rough, but there are some days off in between. We learn Ruby, SQL with Postgres, Testing with Rspec, Cucumber and Jasmine, Sinatra, Rails, HTML, CSS, Javascript, jQuery, Underscore and Backbone. They do a lot also with the Job Search Standup to try and get you jobs, but you should be prepared to do a considerable amount of work on your own as well. I would recommend the WDI program to everyone.\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., I think back fondly of my time at GA and my classmates and instructors altho\xa0I found the experience\xa0stressful and physically taxing at the time. \xa0I would say peoples experiance during the course varies very widly depending on the insturctors, you really don\'t know what you are going to get coming in. \xa0Some of them are better with code, some of them are better with teaching, some of them are better with dealing with people. \xa0Different groups of students have different needs. \xa0I will say that they do take feedback seriously and pivot fast to meet needs of group. \xa0\xa0\nWhen it comes to results the\xa0sales people said\xa099 - 95 percent get jobs. \xa0So far this has shown to be\xa0almost true, I would say 6 months later\xa0maybe 70\xa0- 80% are working either in internship or job. \xa0They have a phenominal\xa0support program in place but it is still on you to get yourself hired, and it difficult to break into this industry. \xa0Those who obtain employment work very hard at getting it, employers do not generally trust someone without real paid programming\xa0experiance. \xa0When the course is over you will be exhuasted but still have a lot of work to do.\xa0Its also important to mention that where you were in life before taking the course does still have bearing on your employability. \xa0This is not direct ticket to a career, you have to find a way to differentiate yourself, these bootcamps are pumping people out onto the job market at an excellerated rate.\nI definatly feel more part of the tech industry. \xa0They did give me many\xa0skills and knowledge\xa0necessary to access it in a short timeframe, I dont think I could have learned so\xa0fast any other way.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., For validty and Gravitas I need to mention that I have a background in teaching the STEM sciences. That being said, the experience at General Assembly was far below SUB STANDARD and HERE\xa0is why:\r\n\xa0 \xa0 \xa01. The course producers had/have no experience in teaching, curriculum design, or coding....Let me reiterate....the people designing the courses have no prior experience, education, or training. \xa0My original course producer I saw only once in 3 months. \xa0Another\xa0course producer quit without notice, leaving our class without this support\xa0for a\xa0month. \xa0A handfull of students would regularly meet with the staff to provide viable simple solutions to recuring problems, these solutions were ignored, yet they would ask us to take time out of our day to complete feedback forms to help them shape future classes. \xa0Students who continued to voice thier opinions were asked to leave the program.\n\xa0 \xa0 \xa02. \xa0The instructors, although good coders, were awful teachers. \xa0Examples: teachers yelling at students, teachers walking away from students during instruction, teachers not available during critical project weeks (by unavailable I mean holding meetings in another room for several hours unapproachable and unresponsive to student needs),\xa0 Teachers frequently going off topic at length. \xa0Teachers leaving for vacation without replacement staff. \xa0The\xa0coup de grâce was that after 2/3rds of the course was finished half of the students could not make a simple Ruby on Rails App !!! \xa0The material was retaught at the expense of learning any\xa0remaining curriculum.\n\xa0 \xa0 \xa03. The Job Assistance staff and Outcomes Staff changed multiple times. \xa0The lead outcomes producer would spout the same speech each time she met with us. \xa0This should\xa0have been provided in note form or Powerpoint presentation and critical information addressed. The information she provided was topical and cursory, it was plainly obvious that she was a\xa0good meet-n-greet person, but lacked the skills at actually instructing how to land a job. \xa0The remainder of the staff was primarily recruiters with no real incentive to assist in job placement. \xa0They claim to have a mentorship/internship program, to this day I know of no one in ANY of the graduating classes that took part in any such program. \xa0GA claims that they have\xa090% placement within 3 months after graduation. \xa0This was not even close. \xa0In fact while they gave us this speech 50% of the previous class was unemployed 4 months\xa0after graduation. \xa050% of my class is also without placement.\nThis Review Is Helpful25Flag as inappropriate., I just finished the January cohort of General Assembly\'s Web Development Immersive in New York last week, and am pleased to share that the quality of my instructors, the curriculum, and my classmates all exceeded my expectations!\r\n\r\nWe started with a strong foundation in Ruby and then built upon that foundation by learning SQL, PostgreSQL, Rails, and basic HTML. We combined all of those tools to build our first independent projects (basic CRUD application utilizing an API with user authorization & authentication). Next, we transitioned to a deeper dive into HTML5 & CSS before shifting our core focus to JavaScript in the back half of the course. After being introduced to the basics of JavaScript and jQuery we started working in small teams on group projects modeling the agile development process. Finally, we learned Backbone.js before embarking on our final independent projects for the course – a capstone of everything we\'d learned and an opportunity to utilize the process we\'d learned to work with new frameworks and technologies. Beyond the full-stack of languages we learned, our course placed a huge emphasis on the principles and process of good software design. We always utilized Test-Driven Development and mastered RSpec, Jasmine, and Capybara as tools for unit and acceptance testing. We also always modeled the full agile, behavior-driven development cycle from collecting user stories, to daily SCRUMs, to full retrospectives after every sprint.\r\n\r\nI\'m incredibly pleased with everything we learned and feel empowered with the process and tools to design excellent web applications. I\'m also really confident in my ability to continue learning more on my own! The first part of the course placed a strong emphasis on traditional pedagogy – our instructors were largely teaching us the ins and outs of Ruby, but as we started to gain momentum in our technical grasp of our first programming language the pedagogical model shifted slightly to more of a "teach us how to fish" style of learning. We learned the techniques and process to approach new languages and technologies, and it\'s exciting to know that I can continue to grow and learn on my own!This Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate.]', '[General Assembly gave me the tools and confidence to make a career change and I would never be where I am two years later had I not been through the DSI Bootcamp. It is important to know how your previous background and the boot camp can work together to make you a strong candidate. There will be MUCH to learn after the boot camp, but the GA program gives you what you need to start that journey and I would recommend it!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The ultimate difference between design bootcamps is the teaching. I had remarkable instructors at General Assembly.\xa0 They offered general insight into the industry at large as well as taught the necessary skillsets within it.\xa0 I was able to wrap my head around expectations in the industry, design philosophy, approach, and practice using the skillsets I use daily. They also gave us fantastic templates and insights that offered a better command of an anxiety-provoking job search -\xa0 all of this was with honesty, kindness, and a personal touch.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly was instrumental in allowing me to level up my career in tech into the UX Design field that is challenging, engaging, and always growing. During the program I gained highly applicable skills as well as learned freshly updated content that gets vetted by the best thought leaders in the field from the biggest company names in tech. I now hold a leadership position in UX Design (I came into the program with management experience) and another colleague of mine who also attended the program is now Senior Director of UX at her company. The GA network and support is everything and worth every cent I paid!This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA gave me the tools and self confidence to transform my life. In my late 20s I felt trapped, alone and confused, in a job and career path that I disliked. Going back to college for another 2 to 4 years and a different undegrad degree just to start back at the bottom was not an option. I joined GA after being severanced out of a position I spent 4 years in,. My amazing instructor not only gave me the practical skills to get into a new, in-demand field, but also taught me that with curiosity, work ethic, and the internet, I could continue to learn and re-invent myself. You can dream, work hard and make your goals come true. Now I\'m always on the lookout for my next big professional challenge!\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., General assembly is such a great resource for people looking to transition careers, jumpstart their portfolio, or just gain new skills!\xa0The curriculum is very smartly geared towards helping students succeed and gain in-demand skills, experience, and knowledge.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I was a little disappointed on day one when I learned that it was a connected-classroom setting which means four different classes of 20 or so students are connected through Zoom for one instructor. That detail was probably mentioned during the initial description of the course, but it definitely wasn\'t clear since it came as a complete shock. I never felt like I received the personal assistance I need to learn, so it wasn\'t the best fit for me. I learned a lot, but never felt comfortable with the material due to this format.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., GA was a life-changing experience for me. I took the UX Design immersive and because of the instructors I had (JC & Samantha Lane) and wonderful cohort, I can say it was worth the sacrifice and money. I learned a lot under the direction of the two instructors, they kept the curriculum organized, efficient, provided endless resources, and did a great job with making the information interactive. You spend the morning in lecture, and rest of the day getting hands-on experience with projects. They also did a great job building a sense of community, every single student in my class was supportive, kind, and skilled. Especially remotely, it\'s important to be able to connect with your instructors and classmates. GA has done a wonderful job creating an online learning environment through slack and zoom alone. You will pick up the latest trends, tools, and skills to succeed-- but the program will be what you make it. You have to work hard, be dedicated, put in late nights (especially during the last month), and be prepared to experience burnout. It will be worth it in the end if you\'re serious about learning UX or making a career change. Be prepared to quit your job, and spend 3 months learning and maybe an additional 3-6 months job searching. It\'s competitive out there, but this program will provide you with a strong portfolio if you\'re willing to put in the work. After graduating, you are paired with an outcomes coach who is there to help coach you on interviews, resumes, and help connect you with jobs although much of the job hunting is left to the student. GA doesn\'t hand out jobs but they help set you up and provide a community for support.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., \xa0I am the type of person who likes in-class instruction.\xa0 And I had taken 2.5 years off to be a stay-at-home mom while I decide what to do in my career.\xa0 I had come from a GIS background but wanted to pursue something more.\xa0 I heard a lot of good things about General Assembly and really liked the financial options, including a scholarship for women.\xa0 I liked that they had a campus near me so I started contacting them.\xa0 They were very straightforward about their admissions process, they really want you to succeed.\xa0 And then the pandemic hit.\xa0 They told me it would only be online.\xa0 I took the plunge and it was a great experience!\xa0 I never thought I would like online teaching but they did a great mix of zoom and slack.\xa0 They switch between large teaching groups with great instructors and smaller local classes so you can get the specialized one-on-one.\xa0 I went into the Data Science Immersive course.\xa0 I will say it is VERY fast so you have to dedicate 3 months to this class.\xa0 My husband watched our child and took care of the house during this time.\xa0 I received so much instruction that I don\'t really remember it all.\xa0 But I do have the class lectures to refer to again.\xa0 I continue to take their workshops, like Tableau, for quick brush-ups on new technology that I enjoy.\xa0 To really succeed in any boot camp, especially one this fast, I would understand the basics of python (python the hard way book) and statistics (Khan Academy statistics) first. \xa0 I would definitely go with General Assembly over any other school again because I enjoy the quick instruction and emphasis on hands on training.\xa0 The homework I did lead directly to my current position that I got within 2 months of graduation.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Overall the Software Engineering Immersive program was an exceptional experience with world class instructors.\xa0 The full time program is NOT something to take lightly as it will be 40+ hours of school and additional work after hours for projects, homework, etc. But this is all to help solidify concepts you WILL be tested on for interviews as well as utilize on the job.\xa0 While a global pandemic probably changed how helpful the "post-graduation" program is... it could still use improvement.\xa0 I\'d definitely recommend the program overall and loved the pace, lessons, and instruction!\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This GA course was a comprehensive and practice-based overview of Excel, SQL, and Tableau. It was immediately applicable to my work, and it was so valuable to learn these skills in a class context, with instructors willing to answer questions and provide support. I wish we\'d allocated a little more time to SQL.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Very efficient profesional and systematic way of understanding of the course materials. It\'s a great way to gain new knowledge through this career transition phase.The cons is definitely the course could have been slightly longer and have different range of project scenarios because after a while we realized that the project kinda have the same scope after a while.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., One of the main benefits of General Assembly’s 10-Week User Experience Design Immersive is learning to let go of overthinking and the inertia of perfectionism by applying lean UX design principles to real-world collaborative exercises and cohort work. Culminating in a real client project and design pitch, the immersive scaffolds and builds on ever-more complex frameworks and methodologies so it does not feel like an overwhelming information download. The level of instruction is consistently high with professional practitioners from across the spectrums of design. I liked that the immersive is taught by 2-3 designers with drop-in lectures and presentations from other instructors and teaching assistants from a broad and diverse background. Students grow as strategic design thinkers and this is tied directly to success and impact in the immersive. There is a good balance between personal growth and team collaborative work. \xa0One of the cons that I and others in my cohort noticed from this 10-week immersive, is that the time tends to wind down pretty quickly and the career placement and outcomes portion of the immersive tends to feel somewhat rushed and slapped on at the ending weeks. This leaves little time to prepare polished case studies and portfolio website—artifacts that differentiate a student’s project work from other students in the same graduating cohort. Target job search feels rushed and there are few ways to separate one’s self from the pack. Projects tend to feel homogenous and repetitive in an already oversaturated job market. I heard this direct feedback from several post-graduation interviews where the interviewers had literally seen the exact case studies and projects from previous bootcamp cohorts. I had to do some reverse-engineering on my case studies and portfolio in order to make it feel like my own.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[It will be rigorous and stressful. You have to have a growth mindset and put in the work. Be ready to listen, pivot, and get out of the comfort zone. They don\'t waste time and cram every lesson with things you need to know to understand the fundamentals of the field. Guest speakers from the industry are invited every now and then to talk about their experience and how they got there, which is helpful. You will be rewarded with readiness to approach the industry and also have a portfolio you\'re proud of, provided that you invest the time and effort to keep up with the course speed and produce excellent work. I found the staff for my course very helpful, ready to listen and positive. The programme is well-designed and strategised to prep you as a UX designer.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Graduated from General Assembly Software Engineering curriculum which isn\'t on 12 weeks but 9.Why? Because you have 3 x 1 project week where the interaction with GA educational team is nearly none existant.Their curruciculum covers the basics but do not go in depth.They are promoting their affiliation with the Adecco Group which does not provide any job nor operational support, whatsoever.General Assembly Outcomes program is completely useless - you will be on your own when it comes to your job searches.This program will simply help you design a Resume and explain the same information over and over again: waste of time and obselete.The overall experience isn\'t worth such investment, at all.I sincerly regret going with them.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I attended their immersive a few months ago and I would discourage everyone from attending this school at any of their locations.\xa0 Why?\nThe course material is very mediocre and covers only basic development tools; it is mainly because they accept anyone without any prior screening. So students who are really serious and motivated about being a coder have to work at slow pace with outdated material. The teacher to student ratio is bad too like sometimes there will only be two teachers left to handle a group of 25-30 students and that’s why teachers leave mid way because of added burden.\xa0\nThe career guidance and confidence building is practically nil and so many students leave GA feeling less capable of being a coder. What I have felt there is that they are not very industry focused coz they don’t know much about the job market. Their service agreement is not up to the mark too and even if you somehow end up getting a job, it will be a part time work with less than average pay. Moreover, there is no training or support as to how to approach companies or handle real time programming challenges. Nothing is explained in a proper manner and group assignments are a joke too, they promise so many things when you join like they will get you a job, make you successful etc but I was jobless for 5 months after completing their course (which I badly wanted to leave in between but still somehow finished due to some of my batch mates who became good friends)\nYou know what’s worse?\xa0 You pay a huge amount to become a coder but here they just teach you how to copy and paste and not how to think like a programmer. This was the most unprofessional place I have ever seen because teachers were never helpful and never helped anyone solve real problems.\nMy honest opinion? If you are planning to join General Assembly, don’t! You would just waste your money. Instead, invest in a place that focuses on overall student development and train them well to become successful even if that place charges a little much.This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., If you are thinking of attending General Assembly for data Science don\'t waste your money.\xa0 Your $16k could be spent far better elsewhere. \xa0They spend less than a 1/2 a day in a 12 week course on SQL and waste too much time on things that employers aren\'t looking for, \xa0Honestly, the instructors at General Assembly are really full of themselves. \xa0I\'m not happy I wasted $16k on the course and I would advise anyone looking to avoid...This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Everyone should use General Assembly. Their instructors are so knowledgeable and the courses really catered to my style of learning.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This course is a waste of 15k. They make it pretty clear that they only care about the money. I was struggling with the program as I had never done programming before and was ignored by the lead instructor when I reached out for help. When I went to the head of the DC program she was very condescending and told me to just get through the program (so I couldn’t get a partial refund for the course). You will be better off teaching yourself and hiring a private tutor, you will save thousands of dollars. For our final project where we showcase our work to potential employers, there were maybe four very small companies there for 20 students and none of them were hiring at the time. It was an absolute joke. It took the top two students in my class a year to get a programming job! Not the three months they claim and their Outcomes\xa0 support after the program is a joke, you just do Zoom meetings where you talk about the jobs aren’t getting and a lot of making lists about yourself. Final warning, if you don’t have experience programming do not do this course expecting to find a programming job in a reasonable amount of time. You will have to do so much more outside of the program it’s impossible to justify paying 15k. Also when I did the program I had to pay up front, it wasn’t contingent on finding employment like other programs.\xa0This Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., This course gives a big picture on what the world of web development is about. The course is structured in a way whereby they introduce each concept one by one, from front end -> back end -> a new language -> front end library. There are teaching assistants (TA) to help you as the class can be quite big for the instructor to handle alone. Besides that, after the end of each project, instructor/TA will be doing post mortem and provide you with constructive feedback. Overall, it is both fun and challenging to sign up for a bootcamp. Fun part is meeting and learning along with peeps who\'s also interested in SEI, challenging part is learning something completely new, but you\'ll at least know what the topic is about, and after the course ends, dive in deeper into the topics covered or find similar topics to learn.\xa0This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Had a great experience in the part time 10 week product management course. The instructor was very helpful, knowledgeable and very passionate about product with years and years of experience.\nEveryone at GA was really helpful, it\'s a great environment to learn in!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., A great course for someone with a solid background in statistics and calculus, otherwise you\'re going to suffer.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., After takeing two courses through General Assembly I would highly recomend PASSING onto another university! They are very quick to get you enrolled and will contact you within the same day HOWEVER, they\xa0will not refund you your money after you withdrawl during the course.\xa0Bootcamps\xa0are marketed as a "One and Done" type of course\xa0ensuring you will leave with a portfolio presentable for the\xa0career of your choosing. What they do NOT INFORM\xa0you of, is that you will NOT BE READY to enter the career field of your choosing after ONE\xa0bootcamp. Once heavily through the course "professors"\xa0will change their language\xa0from, "This is what you will need and have ready for your portfolio." To "This is just one small component that you can use TOWARDS your portfolio." Save your money and choose another Bootcamp!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the Data Science Immersive Program in Boston and I\'m very happy with the experience. I made the career switch after being in my previous career for more than 10 years and was also 5-8 months pregnant while taking the program.\nMy greatest advice to others taking the program: manage your time well the\xa0whole time\xa0and work hard. It\'s a short 3 months compared to going back to graduate school/college, so grit your teeth and just push through. The program was\xa0well worth it\xa0as the curriculum covers a wide breadth of topics that expose you to much of the Data Science field. Time management and focus should also be given your Outcomes work (job search portion of program) during and after the program. The Outcomes team allows you to be accountable in your job search\xa0in addition to providing support (from network connections\xa0to advice on cover letters and resume).\nThe whole program is project-based. You have two lectures a day and the rest of the day is time for you to work on projects (you\'ll definitely need all of the time given on top of nights and weekends). Through the project-based approach, you\'re able to truly test concepts and gain a better understanding of all topics taught in class.\nSince you spend so much time in class for 3 months, you get to know your fellow students extremely well. Learn (if you\'re not already great at it) to work in a team towards deadlines, as team projects teach you how Data Scientists really work together.\nIn summary, worth the time and hard work. I\'d recommend (and already have so far) to others.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Understand that this program is only 10 weeks. A lot is crammed into the curriculum, and a lot is left out of it as well.\xa0 Understand that you need to put in 100% to get out 100%, inside and outside of the program. If you\'re not ready for that, you will struggle.\nIf you\'re ready, read on.\nMy background is in visual design and management. Those skills flow very nicely into UX. If you have a similar background, you will have an advantage. If you don\'t, you just have to work a little harder. I loved the program. It is structured so that you learn to apply the whole UX process of research, synthesis, wireframing, prototyping and usability testing to 5 projects. The first 4 projects prepares you for the 5th, your capstone. I the program prepared me very well for a career in UX, but I recognize that if you don\'t have a design background, then YMMV.\nThe most important part of this curriculum, is actually what you do outside of class. It\'s easy to show up and follow instructions everyday. You have to network (they teach you, it\'s easy). You have to read, listen to podcasts, talk to other designers. You have to learn new software. You have to put yourself out there. That is how you will be successful in this program. (GA will teach you how to do all of this, and very well)\nThe Outcomes team (career coaches) are fantastic. They give you all the resources, tools, advice, and time with them as you need to help you find a job. They do not find one for you. Same advice goes as above. You have to put in a lot of work, supplemented by the Outcomes team.\nGA has great alumni resources who stay in the community, participate in GA events, and give great advice. A lot has given their time to me to help me, and I will undoubtedly pay if forward.\nExtra things I\'d recommend if you enroll in this program:\n1) Learn how to write/tell a good story. GA teaches you how to write a case study, but it\'s only effective if it tells an interesting story people want to hear.\n2) Learn how to work with engineers. The program does not involve any coding or working with engineers. Seek out opportunities where you can learn how the dynamics work.\n3) Understand what UX means in relations to the business/company you want to work for. This is how you speak the language of decision makers.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[This bootcamp has serious limitations. Unless you have a\xa0 background in design, graphic design and/or have previously started working on a portfolio you might probably be better off investing in a different bootcamp that is serious about the quality of its teachers. There is some learning, but it is important for a\xa0 prospective student to seriously ponder if such learning justify $14,000, and forgoing at least 3 months of salary.\nThe bootcamp is designed for the student to deliver fast in a high pressure environment but without adequate knowledge transmission and feedback, students are left on their own. We were aware, from week 1, of the lack of quality of the lectures and teacher support. However, few people will speak up about the program limitations and demand for improved curricula and better teaching quality.\nUnfortunately, it seems that such limitations are caused by GA corporate modus operandi. Its focus on making short term profits and to be competitive drives them to hire poor quality assistant teachers and to fail in providing an adequate training and support for teachers. There are standards for teaching adults in a bootcamp setting, it seems that corporate GA is not aware of such standards and as a result the teachers consistently failed to give clear adequate guidance and to communicate knowledge effectively. Teachers spent valuable time an energy of students discussing irrelevant anecdotes about their professional lives, reading from slides without providing any valuable insights and/or correcting concepts conveyed wrongly the first time. On top of that, none of them were available outside class hours and their feedback about our projects was consistently delayed. We were required to ask our questions to the assistant teacher before asking a question to the teacher. Which wouldn’t be a problem if the assistant teacher were slightly competent at his job. He was close to student level knowledge and his feedback was most of the time irrelevant. Most of us would ask feedback to a teacher from a different class.\nWhile the main teacher was clearly competent at his craft, had numerous industry connections and sound professional judgement he lacked teacher training background. Although he was very open to feedback he carried all the weight of the class and of organizing class related activities that limited the time he could connect with students. Instead of helping him, the assistant teacher was a liability to the whole class.\nThe assistant teacher was a GA graduated with no professional experience and no disposition to help students. Even when he wanted to help he had no insight. He would repeat what the teacher said and most of the time had to idea of what he was saying. He will read slides and will find about the content of such slides at the time he was lecturing. He never prepared before the class and wouldn’t know about class concepts even though he was a student like us just 6 months prior. When asked for help "he would respond ask your classmates". He will sit in the back of the class and play video games, do shopping or fall sleep. He had no work ethic, no self awareness and no-one that would held him accountable. Most of us were frustrated and voiced our concerns about it but nothing was done.\nThe Bootcamp format is demanding and it has the potential to be rewarding but most of the success depends on the quality of the teachers. We did not have an assistant teacher and our teacher, in spite of his best intentions was overwhelmed by the amount of work he carried on his own. It was unacceptable for GA to provide such quality of support to the students given the high stress that the Bootcamp model was already causing to us. More than Ginger.io memberships we deserved and needed decent quality academic experience.\nWe learned from this bootcamp, we had to, after all the time we invested. Was it worth the investment? This is something that each of my classmates might answer differently. It depends on the quality of your academic experience at other institutions and it certainly depends how much you put into. Without going too far, I had much more rewarding experiences at Community College classes. The Bootcamp format worked for me, I put a lot of energy and time and I got what I put into in spite of the quality of this institution. Most people would want to convince themselves that the investment was worth to avoid the depressing thought that the class was not worth more than half the price. I won’t do it again or recommend it to anyone whether anyone has the money and resources or not. This course is an overpriced introduction to UX. There were so many concepts not explained or explained wrongly in the class. Our portfolios are competing with other portfolios elaborated with much more technical knowledge and honed by much more rigorous critique process. If you don’t have a background in UX, design, graphic design or something similar this course is not a good investment. There are much better introductory classes and other online bootcamps where you can develop a portfolio with mentorship. This course won’t make you a UX designer. Learning in a Bootcamp setting can be very valuable and now there are other options in Seattle. You owe yourself to do your due diligence and invest your money wisely before you put yourself on the hands of GA or any institution without academic competency to deliver.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the Web Development Immersive in Providence which is supported by the Boston GA office. The immersive was everything I wanted it to be.\xa0Expectations for course content were very clear and there was support at every step from instructors and outcomes staff.\xa0\nTaking a bootcamp feels like a big risk and I looked into a few different options before choosing GA. I chose this bootcamp because it had\xa0positive reviews, friendly and informative staff, relevant programming langauages, and some convenience factors including cost and location. The full-time immersive curriculum is very challenging and definitely requires full commitment.\xa0\nWhen you finish the program there is still so much opportunity to stay connected with classmates and instructors.\xa0The job support staff\xa0hold ongoing\xa0weekly workshops and regularly check in about the job search. They are also available for one on ones to talk through any challenges and offer input on job offers.\xa0After two months of rigorous job search after completing the course I\xa0accepted a position as a software engineer and the GA reputation really helped get my foot in the door.\xa0The possibilities after GA are endless and you will walk away with a solid understanding of full-stack development and object oriented programming. You will also walk away with a sense of community.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Hi,\nI graduated from General Assembly\'s Web Development Immersive Bootcamp in June of 2018.They offerred amazing support and great lessons in how to build web applications. I didn\'t have a strong technical background and, at first, the material was hard to grasp. However, I was able to complete the bootcamp and learn a great deal about computer programming and gained a skillset in a number of coding languages!\nBest,\nMike\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The course content was nothing more than could be obtained for a fraction of the price on various sites: exclusively lectures that provided a very broad overview of JS and various flavors (jQuery, APIs, React, etc.) but never got into depth with any of them. The scope would have been excusable, but there was none of the interaction/cooperation with peers or the instructor that I expected from an in-person class. Additionally, the little homework that was assigned was barely graded and the only “project” was something that the instructor loosely defined as “anything that can prove you learned something from this class.”\nShort version: look elsewhere for a cheaper introduction to JS.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Here is a honnest summary of my experience at GA:\nThe instructor was often disrespectful and would make fun of foreign student accents, show lack of patience or inappriopriate humour.\nDuring projects, he would just go out to the hairdresser or disappear, and sigh when we ask questions.\nThe content of the curriculum was ok, but would not be explained in details. If you want to learn to code, then learn it beforehand...\nAt times, the teacher was showing a clear lack of mastery of the languages he was supposed to teach, being corrected by students on several occasions. Courses were lacking a clear structure.\nThey would spend more time telling you off if you run 2\' late rather than making sure you understand it all...\nAlso, there is a pressure as they pretend they are supposed to be your future reference for employer which adds some tension.\nIf you say you don\'t understand, they will get rid of you and just say "You will understand later and this is absolutely normal".\nDon’t expect any support from the Program Team either who will reply that this formula has worked perfectly for the previous cohorts.\nFinally, the outcome team would stress you out so much about job search and provide minimum support, spending time correcting insipid details from your CV and expecting you to standardize your portfolio to fit the mold.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Thank you for sharing your feedback. We always strive to provide a stellar experience to all of our students, and we take your comments very seriously. While we do not have a student matching the name on this review, we would welcome the opportunity to connect and discuss these concerns. We encourage you to reach out to our team at\xa0studentserviceslondon@generalassemb.ly? Thanks, and we hope to hear from you soon., You\'ll get a broad understanding of core UX principles and methodologies. The structure and schedule was a bit disrupted mid-course. Class schedule and dispersal of course materials could be improved.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Very comprehensive and well-paced class. I have project management experience and this class really helped enforce a clear framework for clear decision making and action as a PRODUCT manager, as well as a rundown of all terms one needs to know.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I am really glad I did the UX Design Immersive program! I did a lot of informational interviews with past graduates before enrolling in the program. I think that was helpful in terms of expectation setting. I knew the biggest value of the program would come from the fantastic instructors, the connections we would be able to make in local industry, projects we could display in our portfolio, and the immediate network we would have with the cohort. I was totally satisfied in regards to those thigs. I know there are cheaper ways to go about a pivot such as this, but the immersive experience and the connection with others going through the same process were both really important to me.\xa0\nThere are some kinks that they are still working out in terms of on-boarding, curriculum, and career services - but most of that is due to the fact that the program itself is still fairly new and they had just brought on a new career services person (who works really hard to help out all the students and graduates from each immersive program GA offers).\xa0\nI felt like I received everything I needed to prepare me for the career search hustle. I was given concrete tools to work more effeciently in my search. And like others have said, it is important to check your expectations - GA will not place you in a job. But they will give you what you need to engage in that process.\xa0\nI found the landscape to be a slightly difficult for a junior designer. All the more reason a program like this worked for me. It provided me with an opportunity to build relationships with others in the industry and totally dive into this new world.\xa0\nGA and the immersive program is not for everyone. I definitely recommend speaking with graduates and finding out as much as you can given the cost. But it worked for me!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I\'m so glad I found this class! I took this class to broaden my skillset and explore whether or not UX would be a good career choice for me. Our teacher had a great deal of experience in the field, plus he brought in several guest speakers to dive deeper into specific topics. Every class focused on an aspect of UX design, and the curriculum was incredibly thorough. We ended up with a polished final project to potentially use as a portfolio piece. Overall, this really was a great experience; GA puts together a very collaborative environment that\'s focused on students\' growth.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Having wanted to learn Web Development for years—and having failed to do so in my spare time—I dropped everything and spent my savings to attend General Assembly\'s Web Development Immersive. The immersive nature of the course helped to make this a turning point in my life, where I left behind a career that was comfortable for me, but less and less satisfying. Between classroom time and homework, I spent up to 80 hours a week learning the technology. I liken it to holding on for dear life to the rear of a speeding train. Every day, a new subject folded into the tools we were taught. I felt more uncomfortable than most, moving on before feeling I had a firm grasp on the subjects we\'d already covered, but that’s the model. Maximum exposure, minimum depth. And it has proved true in the real world of tech that I’m utilizing new tools constantly, and need to skim and integrate on the fly. \xa0\n\xa0\nThe curriculum varied depending on the teachers. A second Web Development cohort that ran concurrent with ours had somewhat different scheduling and subjects covered.\xa0\n\xa0\nSince our cohort of around 24 students had 3 teachers, I\'d expected more individualized attention than what we got. (Instead, it was an opportunity for the teachers to rotate lectures. Different teachers had different areas of expertise, and the lectures were excellent.) We were often told that this was a pedagogical choice, with the constant refrain, "Nobody will hold your hand in the real world.” As a person who had spent many years in the “real world,” I found this exasperating. I know that I’m not learning unless I struggle. I also know when I’m not learning because I need a push in the right direction. This was not the real world. It was an expensive one-time opportunity to learn all I could in 12 weeks. Teacher interaction would be a thing that separated the experience from, say, online courses.\xa0\n\xa0\nIn the same vein, we were provided a teacher’s assistant for a few hours, 4 nights a week. It was hard to take advantage of this, as the competition for the TA’s attention was overwhelming.\xa0\n\xa0\nOverall, I\'m glad I did it. The curriculum was fine, the lectures were interesting, the environment was pleasant, and it served to give me a new direction. But the promise given the night I attended an information session before enrolling—"It\'s hard, but you won\'t be struggling alone"—was unfulfilled.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Pros\n-great study environment\n-friendly and encouraging instructors (especially if what you\'re studying isn\'t your strong suit)\n-well-balanced curriculum and great hands-on experience\n\xa0\nCons\n-expensive if your company isn\'t paying for the course\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I thought it was very interesting and presented a different approach to design than I had previously thought of. I learnt a lot and felt that there was strong support from tutors.\xa0\nThe downside was that towards the end resources did feel a little stretched and there was not much support in the way of job vacancies and industry involvement.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', "[I took the Front-End Web Development course a few years ago, and my experience at General Assembly was subpar. I know a lot of people who swear by and love it, but this wasn’t the case for me. I did meet some really nice people, and our TA was also very helpful. This class taught me a few things and while I am thankful for that, it was a ton of money, and way too much for what I got out of it. The teacher I had, although very smart and skilled, was not great at teaching beginners.\nAnd I will add that this was definitely not a beginners-level class by any means – but it would be a great class for anyone who has a background in or aptitude for coding, or anything computer sci-related. GA should definitely have some sort of pre-requisite coursework for this class, because there was way too much content jammed into this program for a newbie. HTML and CSS should be in their own class, JavaScript in its own. The pace was also too fast, we were given assignments that were extremely challenging and there was not enough time to master the basics.\nI also feel that we should have been given more time to work on our final project in class, instead we spent our time making card games or nerding out in JavaScript that would stump most developers. I had no interest in game design, I wanted to learn about web design, and the class didn’t approach it from a start-to-finish process. It jumped around.\nAnd although my teacher was talented and knew his stuff, his style didn't work for me. Being told by my teacher to “Google it” or “figure it out” if I have questions or am lost is not helpful. I didn’t even know what I was supposed to be Googling or figuring out! Understood that after class ends I will be on my own, but when you’re in school, you should be able to feel comfortable asking your teacher questions and getting the help you need, especially when you’re paying a lot of money to be there. That’s the whole point of taking a class, and why I specifically chose to take this class, because I thought there would be that guidance. If I wanted to figure out web development on my own, I’d Google things and save myself the $3,500. I’m not sure I would return for another go-around with GA. Maybe if it were a different course, but that’s a big maybe.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., In order to get people to sign up for classes, GA makes a lot of claims about how the program will run and the success rate of those who complete the course. They claim that 6 months after completing the program,\xa0 99% of students will have jobs within their field of study. With my cohort, it was more like 20%, and I would say it was about the same for the cohorts that came before and after me.\xa0\nWhat you get with this program is highly dependent for the instructor you get. Many of the instructors I have meet seem to only have 2-3 years of experience in the field they are instructing, which really is not enough. I have heard some GA admissions offers reference a GA bootcamp as an alternative to a 4 year degree - that is absurd. I think that the people who come out of this program and get jobs either get them because GA is directly referring them into role (which they seem to only select a few people from each class to do this with).\xa0\nThe program also claims that they will help you gain access to working professions with multiple lunch and learns, that only happened once in my class.\xa0\nMy advice to anyone considering enrolling is to reach out to people within your region who are working in the field and find out what they think of General Assembly. I think that in some areas, GA has a bad reputation and many recruiters will not even look at a resume with GA listed, so get to know what the field is like in your area before enrolling.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Three-hour tele lectures followed by four-hour lab practices.\xa0 In many ways it was like Groundhog Day.\xa0 We had one day to learn a lesson or a program, and the very next day *poof* a brand-new lesson to learn.\xa0 At times it was challenging and you feel like you're falling off the boat, especially if you didn't quite master or understand the previous day's lesson.\nHowever, if you're lucky to have a strong and resourceful support group in the form of a good TA and sharing/caring students, it makes a tremendous difference.\xa0 I don't think I would have gotten as far as I did w/o these two assets.\nAlso I'm past the 110 day mark with no job.\xa0 Plenty of interviews, though. I've had interviews with some top tech firms (Google and Facebook).\xa0 I doubt I could have gotten my foot in the door w/o doing this bootcamp.\xa0 Good career counseling too, but at times you feel you're pushed down the line because a brand-new cohort is coming up.\xa0\xa0\n\xa0\nIf you do decide to take this bootcamp, gird your loins for at least 3-4 months unemployment afterwards, and be prepared to network like crazy after class and after the program ends.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Attending the part time course for UX Design at General Assembly was an amazing experience. My tutors and classmates were great and despite was tough to work and study at the same time, I had the chance to learn a lot from all of them.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Took the Web development immersive at GA and it was an amazing course. We would learn new materials almost everyday and the instroctors did an amazing job of explaning all material in a way that was understandable and exciting. All the instroctuors were avaliable for extra help if needed and were always willing to answer questions. I really enjoyed this course and it has really prepared me for a job. The material covered is what employers are looking for.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I've been in the Digital marketing industry for around 3 years but I'm entirely self-taught, I have a background in sales & IT which has helped immensely but have never had a complete overview of the strategy around campaigns. I decided to undertake the Digital Marketing course at General Assembly in order to bring everything I've learned together and take my career to the next level.\nOverall I think the course was highly valuable and would suggest it to anyone who Is interested in digital marketing strategy. It assumes no prior knowledge which is good and bad, I found myself bored at some points as it delt with my day to day tasks. The content that I had no prior exposure to was excellent and engaging. The instructors were knowledgable and always happy to lend a hand. It requires quite a bit of time investment but its worth it in the end\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I can't say enough about the great experience I had at GA in Boston. The instructors are amazing and I learned an incredible amount in the 3 months that I was there. This was by far the best experience I've had in a classroom setting and would recommend it to anyone that I looking to start a career in tech!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., At first I was hesitant to join the remote (online) crash course for User Experience Design. At the start of the class, the instructor even mentioned that we wouldn't get to dive as deep into the material compared to the 3 month Design course. This frustrated me as I was spending a lot of time and money to take the 1 week course.\xa0\nBut as\xa0 the week progressed, my worries began to disappear. I learned so much in a span of 5 days, and all of the students were able to develop a full case study presentation of the projects that they were working on over the course of that week. The Zoom video conferencing helped keep the students accountable for staying engaged an actively participating through the course of the week. Zoom also allowed us to go into break out rooms were students could work on project discussions in small groups.\xa0\nIn some ways, I found this online 1 week class to be even more engaging that a regular sized classroom, because our class size was so small. I am very satisfied w/ this program and how the instructor facilitated learning over just one week!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Aditi Joshi was beyond impressive! I was pleasently suprised that General Assembly offered this class and it is so worth it. Whether you are a project, product, or program manager the knowledge you gain from taking this class is invaluable.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Good course that covered most of the flow of a normal UX process from creation to prototype. It would have been nice to also look at UX from a BAU or day-to-day perspective rather than always from a brand new project\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Its a course that covers every topic in data science, the course goes for 12 weeks, 5 days a week, 8 hours a day, there are 2 lectures and 2 labs to cover in a day, + 4 projects to do and a capstone project. Very intensive, but people there make it enjoyable to come to class, and with a happy hour, it makes it even better.\r\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Very interactive for online learning. Feel 10x more knowledgable after 6 weeks. Loved how it was\xa0project-based learning\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", "[The course was awesome. A lot of resources and materials were provided. The instructors were willing to help find job placement which is a huge plus. I am not familiar with basic coding so I wish there were a couple of classes that focused on that like html and css. That would be a huge plus. I woiuld definitely recommend that people take the course at General Assembly.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This program lets students learn everything from how to approach a problem, come up with a\xa0hypothesis\xa0and a potential solution, and how to test it to see it is feasible. (Highly focused\xa0in digital platform) Very informative results. I have taken part time night courses and it was very good but time consuming and tiring. Don't do it if you are not ready for the commitment of work load other wise you'd be influencing the whole class badly. I wish there was more time to work on projects and at the same time I am glad it was just that time as we all had day job.\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., The good\nWhen you decide to pursue a UXDI course, you need to manage your expectation that courses like this are a silver bullet for getting UX know-how. These 10 weeks are a start to the UX journey and as that start, the General Assembly UXDI course is great. The format is a 9-5 full time course for 10 weeks. You complete 5 projects, with a final project doing work with real client. It's a safe space to fail and learn. But you need to have the initiative and thirst for knowledge to go beyond the course syllabus.\nAfter graduation, you get a meet & greet session with potential employers and there you get a glimpse of the type of market demand. I didn't have a strong background in design but i do have a background in client servicing so it came to no surprise that agencies largely approached my booth.\n\xa0\nStuff to improve\nI didn't think the job outcomes sessions were particularly helpful for myself and mature students in the class who have hired people or gone through the hiring process in some shape or form. That is the one thing i would improve on.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., 12 week immersive program, made projects using Ruby on Rails and JavaScript\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Overall a good experience.This Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., the instructors are very experienced and impart their knowledge from their day to day job workThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., \n\n\n\n\nWhen I signed up for this class, I thought I'd learn a few useful tidbits about how to analyze data, but I learned SO MUCH MORE. Plus, now I feel equipped to continue learning Tableau, SQL, and Excel on my own. I'm especially interested in learning SQL outside of class; I've read multiple articles on how it's one of\xa0the most pervasive programming languages today.\xa0\r\nSome tips for future students: 1-Do the homework and put in extra time outside the class to really understand the material. 2-Get to know your instructors. I cannot stress enough how helpful my teaching assistant (Daniel) was. He was always eager to help before class and via email. The instructors here really want you to excel and understand the course material.\n\n\n\n\n\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I attended the UX Design Immersive program in March of 2015. Overall it was an incredibly efficient, informative, and effective introduction to User Experience. Critical thinkers with some background or knowledge in web related fields excelled in this class. Steeper learning curve for those who were less familiar or struggled with putting themselves in other people's shoes. Lots of resume and portfolio help, with relationships with area companies hiring for UX was also a plus. Launched a successful UX career for me, have been employed for over 2 years and have gotten many inquiries from recruiters and companies looking to interview me.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I was thrilled with the class. \xa0I am a career changer and felt like the course laid out the basics\xa0of Digital Marketing from start to finish. \xa0I feel confident and fully equipped to transition my career. \xa0The course also included core business fundamentals and I really appreciated that.\xa0Thank you!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., This was a class I took to learn the fundamentals of JavaScript so that I could apply it towards my work covering APIs. The course we set up for students to succeed with a lot of hand holding through each lesson. This is not a bad thing especially given that we were doing the course from home. By far the most valuable part was the 1:1 sessions with my mentor Sonyl. He was patient and prepared and almost always able to help me figure out the \xa0answers to\xa0my questions. Whenever we couldn't come to an answer in the time allowed, he always made himself available by email and I sent him tons of questions that way. One of the few downsides to the course was that the in browser coding platform was very much tied to a particular answer. Often there would be multiple ways of correctly solving a problem but if you didn't do it the way the platform was expecting, you'd get error messages. That led to some frustration at times until I figured out that the error messages often pointed you in the expected direction.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Product Management part-time 10-week course. Instructors were great and cirriuculum was informative. However, GA hasn't done to help graduates of that course (and many courses in general as I heard from others) with job opportunities.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I decided on taking the course through Genera Assembly based on it's general\xa0reputation and the fact that I knew a few people who had completed the course, albiet in other cities, to much career success. Overall, I am quite pleased with my decision as I started my new job about 2 months after finishing the course and I really love what I do now. The curriculum was challenging and fast-paced, and there was always someone on-hand to help if I didn't understand a concept. I know the cohort after mine ran with an updated curriculum. This shows that the staff does take into account the needs of the industry and sets up its students to fill the present gaps. I found this slightly frustrating as I wish they had implemented these changes sooner. My instructor was super knowledgable and experienced. He always did a great job of explaining concepts, oftentimes having to present the same ideas in different ways to ensure that everyone understood what was going on. He encouraged a lot of questions and it was very rare to see him get frustrated with us students not understanding a lesson. The job assistance provided was also really helpful. The careers team did a great job helping us translate our past experience into something that sounded good to employers, though they did some overwhelmed by the sheer number of students they had to help.\nOverall, as I said, I am quite pleased with this course. I learned a lot...or at least enough to help me secure a job in web development (there's so much to learn!). I think my biggest complaint is that I'm not sure it's a super selective program, and some of the student did not take the course as seriously as others. This put a strain on the instructors who were sometimes forced to cater to students who hadn't done their homework, or didn't pay as much attention in class, instead of the students who really wanted to learn and springboard their new careers. As I said, I was hired quite quickly post course so this idea didn't affect me too much, but I know a few studnets, along with myself, did feel quite frustrated by the stalling in class more than a few times throughout the course. I believe this feedback was given to the team and steps have been planned to rectify for future courses, however.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]", '[Fast-paced, comprehensive program. I met a lot of really cool people in my class and, although it was challenging, it was also a lot of fun. GA gave me a good base of skills and taught us how to learn new tech\xa0quickly, which is vital for a career in this industry.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Remote experience was excellent and way better then I\'d expected. We were still able to have group/partnered activities and engage with the instructor. The teacher, Aditi Joshi is a true master of her field and was a honest pleasure to learn from. The course was the perfect size and the content was dynamic. It felt as contemporary, new and ahead of the trend as possible. I really, really enjoyed it!\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This course was really fast paced and difficult, but I learned more in a short period of time than I ever have in my life. We learned to use Python programming to apply statistics and predictive\xa0modeling techniques on real sets of data. If you\'ve know Python or R and are\xa0interested in learning foundational level Data Science, this course is perfect for you.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., For all of you who are looking for a first approach or a refresh of what\'s trending\xa0with Visual Design, this course is for you.\xa0\nI loved how we went\xa0over all the basics in design and how we had time to have workshops.\xa0\nTotally worth it!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Passionate instructor, fun projects, great peers, real world skills. I\'ve built two full stack JavaScript websites since taking the class, but I think this speaks to my interest in the subject matter more than GA. The class offers an excellent, supported introduction to JS.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Over the last few years, I have taken TWO courses at General Assembly. I enrolled in both the Front End Web Development Course and the Business Fundamentals and Tactics course. Both were TOP NOTCH learning experiences.\n\xa0\nWhen it came to the FEWD program, I had tried many times to learn to code on my own and had picked up on HTML and CSS quickly. The first part of the program was focused on HTML and CSS, which came more easily to me given my prior experience. When we began to learn Javascript during the second half of the program, this is where I found the MOST value from the GA instructional team. Javascript was challenging and it was the time and attention from my TA and instructors that enabled me to truely understand this language.\n\xa0\nThe second course I took was Business Fundamentals and Tactics. This class was very stimulating. Both of my instrcturos were ex-McKinsy consultants, VERY bright. I thought it was a great mix of practical skills and soft skills -- we covered things like\xa0the business canvas model or deep excel work on how to build a financial model paired with stimulating conversastion around business case studies. During one of the sessions, we had a guest speaker come in from Inbev and he was talking about supply chain and operations of a beverage company, which was very fascinating.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., With no background in UX design, I took the UXD part-time programme out of curiosity. It has given me a good foundation to UX design with practical elements incorporated into the 10-week programme. The instructor was excellent sharing with us numermous real-life examples. Really enjoyed the learning experience at GA!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Very prcatical learnings & engaging Instructors who know their stuff!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the Digital Marketing Circuit simply to learn about the field, even though I am not a marketing professional. I found the course to be super interesting, and for an online course, they did a GREAT job of keeping me focused. Here\'s what I liked about it:\xa0\n-There\'s a good split between slide presentations and videos\xa0\n-Knowledge checks keep you honest\n-The projects are fun\n-The workload is manageable. Not too much, and broken out in sections.\xa0\nLike I said, I think everyone should take this course. Marketing is such a key component of any business these days so I\'m really happy I learned about it. If you\'re an entrepreneur who doesn\'t know much about building an audience, this is particularly a great class for you.\xa0\nI highly recommend this course! Great way to learn. Thanks GA for the great experience!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., If you have experience with excel this course is a great way to learn SQL and the instructors were so buttoned up. There was always help when you needed it. You should have some familiarity with excel since they jump right in and the first two weeks or so fly past excel stuff. Majority of the course is for SQL. Would recommend!\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., This course is amazing for beginners!\xa0I walked in completely new to coding and can say I\'ve confidently walked away being able to code a website from scratch. Don\'t let the "online" nature of this course fool you. It is work! It takes about 4-6 hours to complete each weeks\xa0worth of instruction\xa0and projects. That amount could be even more depending on how in depth you want to get. Another tip: be sure to\xa0use mentor hours. I rarely did this but you could easily double how advanced you become by utilzing the mentor\xa0team. This team is already in development so they know their stuff. Overall, great but challenging experience perfect for beginners.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., You\'re really paying for the name and recognition of General Assembly. If you want to get into UX, it is a good idea to take this course, as it gives a good overall base understanding of UX. But it doesn\'t go any further than that. You cover only the basics of each topic and the instructors don\'t bother going into greater details about any individual topic.\xa0\nIt\'s really important when you\'re choosing GA to see which instructors you\'re going to get, becuase that determines your overall expereince as a student.\xa0\nPersonally I don\'t think the course is worth $15k. But GA gives you the name recognition and network, so ultimately that\'s kind of what you\'re paying for too.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Summary:\nDon\'t listen to the demand or trend of next hot jobs. Listen to your heart. Do you really think you can do this for the rest of your life? General Assembly does not guarantee jobs. If I had to go back, I would have taken a cheaper course via different online Bootcamp.\n\xa0\nGeneral Assembly itself is nothing but looking to take student\'s money. Their false belief of job guarantee is a scam to get students interested. General Assembly does not care for individual students who are looking for a career change.\xa0\nMany of my cohort students had to go out and find their ways to get jobs. People who had design background were in a better position. That does not mean that they got jobs right out of the Bootcamp. Overall, students end up freelancing or work at small to mid start-ups.\nWhen it comes to the course material, I was impressed. The reason why I was impressed is that instructors were knowledge in teaching UX\xa0(The quality of UX knowledge in LA is good).\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., What is the process like?\nPhone call with Admission Producer --> GA Dash exercise --> Interview with Admission Producer --> Bootcamp pre-work -->\xa03 Months Bootcamp --> Project Showcase + Networking --> Job Searching\nMy experience\nI attended GA WDI HK (May - Aug 2016) and here\'s what I thought:\n\nInspiring and helpful instructors and classmates. GA is really good at creating energetic and friendly atmosphere\nProgramming stack are pretty much up to date. Learnt html, css, javascript, ruby, MEAN stack (mongoDB, express.js, Angular.js, Node.js), ruby on rails, postgreSQL, ionic, git & github, AWS, heroku, package managers (npm, bower),\xa0agile and scrum method (project management). Please check with your local GA as it will be slightly different !\nFast-paced and compact\xa0course. WDI actually took more than 40h per week\nThe students are mostly\xa0non-developer trying to make career change.\nTo actually get the most out of the program, you should have tried a bit of programming before. Lack of knowledge will give you hard time to pick up the pace.\xa0If you are already a developer, you won\'t get much out of it.\nGuest speaker session is not always interesting/helpful. so i skip some :D\nIt is overpriced considering it\'s more "5-80" course and no job guarantee\nGA WDI is aligned\xa0more with\xa0startups culture.\nDepending on your local market and your projects, you will get job offer within 2 weeks or more. Finding offer/company culture that you really like is another story though.\nIt does help\xa0that GA has its own career website and the instructors+outcome producer will help you on job preparation such as mock interview;\xa0personal CV, portfolio website feedback and networking event. However, you still need to do extra work by yourself\nIt\'s actually the beginning of your journey after you finished the bootcamp. What you\'ve learnt is just enough to kickstart your career/company.\n\nReccomendation on what you should do before committing yourself to the program\n\nAttend the one-day course preview/WDI students showcase\xa0and get to know your potential instructor(s). By the way, don\'t refer to the list instructors in official website WDI page cause it\'s not up to date.\xa0\nlearn basic html,css,javascript from https://www.codecademy.com/\xa0https://dash.generalassemb.ly/\xa0http://www.freecodecamp.com\xa0. If you are not used to type fast, using computer, searching\xa0with google, little\xa0idea about webdev; please do so.\nConsider GA WDI bootcamp if you are ready to dedicate the time and money + looking for structured course and get you ready in short period. If you have really high discipline/okay with spending part time learning 6 months - 1 year, free online\xa0course such as\xa0freecodecamp is actually good too\n\nfeel free to contact me on\xa0twitter\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., As an introduction I must say I did not enjoy my General Assembly experience, so this post may be biased.\nHowever I’ll do my best to stay as objective as possible, as in the end I still believe I got from the course 75% of what I was looking for.\nI was moderately satisfied as a learner, but very dissatisfied as a customer. To me the value for money was not there, as when you invest 10kGBP in a course you expect excellence.\nBut the worst part was definitely the way GA handled those with complaints. Either you shut up or you\xa0 are told off, that was the sad truth we experienced.\n\xa0\nThe setting\n\nData Science Immersive (DSI) in London, 1st iteration starting 10th October 2016. General Assembly ran other DSI before, but in the US or AsiaPac, never in Europe.\nCost: 10,000 GBP\n12 weeks course + 1 week dedicated to preparation to job search (so called “ouctomes”)\n23 students at the beginning, 17 after 10 weeks (2 left after week 4, another 2 after week 8, another 2 after week 10)\n2 teachers and 1 assistant teacher for the whole course\n\n\xa0\nAbout myself\n\nSoftware engineer by education\n15 years experience in the industry (but little as an actual programmer)\nDid online Coursera “data science specialization” prior to joining the course to ensure I liked the area\nResigned from my job to attend the training\n\n\xa0\nWhat was good\n\nStudent required pre-work: lots of pre-read and programming exercises to do before joining the course in an attempt to bring everyone at the same level\nCurriculum: wide variety of topics covered, choice of one main programming language (Python)\nLearn with practice: daily homework (during the first 8 weeks), weekly project for the first 7 weeks followed up by capstone project, occasionally pair or small groups projects\nOutcome programme: help to refresh CV, improve online presence, sharpen negotiation skills, eventually will work hard to get you a job. GA has a target of getting 95% of their students a job in the area they studied, and they will do their best to meet it (that’s assuming students comply to all requirements, i.e. most homework/projects completed, 2 or less days absent from the course, strictly follow the job search guidelines, otherwise students may be excluded from the outcome programme)\nNice office on the edge of the London City\n\n\xa0\nWhat needs improvement\n\nThey miss “science” in data science. GA is very good at teaching Web Design and User Experience Design, it is their core business. Unfortunately they handle data science similarly to these two areas, which means they think you become a data scientist mostly by coding in python and learning associated data science libraries. The whole scientific/rigorous side of data science is overlooked, statistics are barely covered\nTeachers had too little teaching experience. Data scientists are in high demand, that’s a well-known fact. When I registered for the course, I was given two instructor names, it turned out none of them actually taught us. One of the instructors was actually recruited less than two weeks before the course. With such complex topics as machine learning and little time to prepare, the result was obviously not great. To be fair one instructor worked hard to improve during the course. Still sometimes I felt with my Coursera background, I knew more than they did, and really it didn’t feel like value for money\nAdmittedly, they bring people from all horizons and backgrounds in the class in order to increase revenues. The selection process is light and conducted by non-technical people, so pretty much anyone with very little coding experience can get in. Can you really become a data scientist in 3 months starting from nearly scratch, keeping in mind it will require you to learn coding, statistics, machine learning and much more? I doubt it.\nCustomer support. The class was overall frustrated with the level of teaching/rigorousness of the course. This was highlighted through surveys organized by GA, but GA didn’t seem to take the feedback into account. After the group complained more, we had individual interviews with GA course producer Still not improvement. Then we wrote an open letter to GA administration signed by 95% of the class, which led to another round of individual interviews (during which the staff was not always nice with the students). Only then GA started giving signs of taking our feedbacks into account. By then 8 weeks had passed (i.e. two third of the bootcamp), and it took a lot of nerves to reach the result. To me it sounded like GA refused to admit that the course had flaws, and kept claiming this was “their way” of doing things, closing the opportunity to improve the situation. Even more than the course quality, the customer service really disappointed me and spoilt the overall experience\n\n\xa0\nAs a summary, it’s rather for you if:\n\nYou are not self-disciplined to learn through an online course that will cost you 1/20 of the price\nYou desperately want a data job, but not necessarily a data scientist job (that is you are ok with an internship, or a data analyst role etc as this is likely was you will get), and are ready to invest 10000GBP for that\nYou have some coding experience and are ready to work very hard for 12 weeks straight: people who got most from the course had already coding experience, and little or no exposure to machine learning\n\nIt’s rather not for you if:\n\nYou have very limited coding knowledge, or have family commitments preventing you from working a lot, including on weekends : there is a high risk you will give up as the difficulty will be too high\nYou have some prior knowledge of machine learning or other data science related topics that you want to strengthen: you run the risk of being disappointed by the shallow level of what is being taught\nYou expect both excellent courses and customer service for the price of 10 000 GBP\n\n\xa0\nMy advice to GA:\n\nDon’t brand the course as “Data Science Immersive”: it’s actually an introduction to data science tools, but not an actual data science course\nRequire deeper prior coding knowledge from participants\nReview in depth the feedback collection and handling processes\nBe thankful to students providing constructive feedbacks and not defensive\n\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate., \r\nIf you are expecting a six figure salary after a three-month crash course in Data Science, stop dreaming. The course is crammed with difficult concepts by individuals who are not educators and rather former professionals who are best at telling you to "just google it." Although there are many takeaways from my experience at GA\'s DSI program, my most coveted takeaway is that there are no shortcuts to becoming a fantastic data scientist. The for-profit institution that GA runs will not enable you to become an overnight statistician, programmer, and data scientist. Sure, GA lays a foundation of what is expected of creating a career in DS, but don\'t expect their provided hiring statistics to be as honorable as they claim since many of the hires come in-house by GA themselves and not in real-world conditions. After networking with past graduates who GA did not bring in to speak to my cohort, I got a massive sense of dread and regret as they are still struggling to find work after GA. The past GA DSI graduates that were brought in to speak were already heavily involved in engineering, computer science, or data analytics. Not individuals who, as GA claims, were not required to possess any prior education or experience in the data science field and to look to pivot careers in a 12-week full-time career accelerator program.\xa0\nCome in with realistic expectations and applicable education or experience to get what you would anticipate paying $15,000 for a three-month course. My only regret is that I\'m still in the program and didn\'t drop like some of the wiser individuals did at the beginning of the course after seeing the disorganization, deception, and undisciplined learning environment that the DSI GA staff puts together. Now, I\'m left completing a program that I have diminishing hope and returns for, along with a hefty loan under my belt after predatory advertising and claims by the GA program and staff. I would not recommend anyone attend GA for any program. It would be much more cost efficient to attend community college classes to fill the gaps in your knowledge paired with online resources than pay $15k to a for-profit business that is reminiscent to the ITT Techs of yesteryear.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., Entering the data science boot camp at GA was one of the best professional and academic choices I have made. The material I was exposed is directly applicable to the demands of the industry, as I have found many leading tech companies using them. The time and money I invested in this boot camp have been worthwhile.\nThe boot camp is indeed heavy on the math and stats - as it should be- after all, data scientist deal with quantitative matters. It combines practical applications of machine learning algorithms. In fact, when the instructors introduce a new method, they take their time explaining the mechanics (math and stats) behind, before they start coding them. The type of datasets they used to describe the new methods range from your traditional "Titanic/iris data set" to more complex ones "NBA players performance" and others, which helps to make the learning process move from simple to complex.\xa0 The instructors were fantastic at creating a healthy - collaborative - atmosphere in the classroom where students felt free to ask as many questions as they need. They made sure we had a hands-on experience implementing the new models during the labs and made themselves available to us during this time. Beyond this, the instructors also offered their time after school hours to go over the materials with students that had a hard time grasping the new concepts. Also, the evening and in-class TA(s) were super helpful, as they were prompt to answer my questions and provided me with extra materials to complement my learning.\nAs far as my classmates, many of them had stronger math and programming background, which was not my case. I invested my free time (which was not much during the boot camp) to become better at programming. I decided to be more proactive and took the initiative to get to class 15 min early and master one or two new Python methods. Also, every other night, I asked the instructors and TAs to provide me with math and Python materials that I used while implementing the machine learning algorithms or cleaning the datasets.\nBefore the boot camp, I considered other online courses like Coursera, edX, DataQuest and others, but I didn’t find in them the depth of explanation I received at GA. Honestly, I got the returns I expected from the boot camp.\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., After graduating with a B.S. in a non-quant heavy major, I wanted to continue my education and applied to the GA DSI program.\xa0\xa0For such a rigorous and math heavy curriculum, the technical assessment assignment only consisted of coding in SQL and then visualizing those results. If GA wanted to assess if an individual was ready for a quantitatively heavy and coding heavy program, the technical assessment should have been more centered on Statistics, Calculus, and Python instead of just SQL which is very simple to pick up in a short amount of time.\xa0\nI would not reccommend this program to someone who doesn\'t have either a very high quantitative acumen or a very solid understanding of computer science. The reality of the program is, you aren\'t going to become a data scientist in three short months, unless your field of study was in close proximity to data science or you were already in the work force for several years and working with data.\xa0\nFor how much the program costs, I\'d reccomend either courses from edX, Udacity, or Coursera. There are several online resources like DataCamp or DataQuest that can teach the fundamentals of coding. If you aren\'t comfortable with very high level mathematics, you will not get your money\'s worth from this course. The instructors did not do a good job of teaching, rather just display\xa0how\xa0but they don\'t explain why. The pre-work required for the\xa0course claims to put everyone on an equal level of knowledge, but that is simply not the case. If you are from an engineering background or have extensively worked with data in some capacity, you will be much more prepared and equipped to succeed. If the course were better structured, organized, and promoted as to what it actually is, I could reccommend it. But in\xa0it\'s current state, unless you are someone with experience or education related\xa0to data science, you will not become a data scientist in three months and instead be burdened with at least 15k in loans.\nThis Review Is Helpful10Flag as inappropriate., I\'ve taken General Assembly courses online and offline. They\'re commitment to quality is obvious and consistent no matter the format or topic of the course. In every class, you\'re working with professionals in the field. This means you\'re learning applicable tools, understanding how things really work (not theroteically but realistically), and hearing the language as it\'s used in the industry. You get a real feel for what working in that space is like. Teachers make themselves available for extra help and 1:1 help. They\'re excited to work with students and hear about why you\'re taking these courses, what your goals are, and how you\'ve been able to apply what you\'re learning in class day to day. The content is thoughtfully delivered in an constantly-optimized fashion (they\'re always collecting student feedback and updating content for the students and needs of the particular class). Everyone is so helpful and the skills taught are immediately applicable. I\'m a huge fan of this institution.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Instructors: I am so lucky to have a knowledgable instructor\xa0along with two other awesome TAs in my cohort. they are\xa0really awesome. They are really passionate about teaching and wanting students to succeed. They do know how to teach. I would suggest you to find out who the instructor\xa0is before taking this course because instructor is the key here.\nRecommandation: I wouldn\'t suggest you just go in there and only spend your time in the classroom. Utilizing your resources, TAs, instructor and ask questions. You are there to learn, and not just to get that certificate(the paper to me is just a piece of paper). What matter the most is what goes into your brain and know that you will become very confident after this program if you put in the work. There wouldn\'t be any assessment tests.\nClassSize: We originally had around 20 students, but only 12 students remained. What I would say is that GA didn\'t do a good job in recruiting their students and so some people left the program because they didn\'t know what would be expecting in the later part of the course-(SQL, which is the part that i evaulated the most, they thought excel was too easy so they left). What other students drop out was because they never used excel before. I\xa0can always always can get help from teachers/TA. Think about it:12 to 3 instructos ratio. This was the best class size I have taken in my life because of the accidental drop out students(or maybe GA should just limit the class size to 12 already) and I got a lot out of the program. I believe the best ratio is 4-1 or 3-1.\xa0\nThought: \xa0I would say I improved a lot whether in SQL, presentation but also\xa0met a lot of awesome people who all worked in different field and it felt pretty awesome just to be a part of this\xa0group since those who still remained in the program are the ones who really want to learn and not afriad of struggles. I would say everyone in my cohort are all very nice and knowledage.\nI would give the instructors and TAs 5 starts: They would always answer your questions through slack. I had one TA answered my question during his time at work. I felt so thanksful for him. They really care about your success.\xa0\nI would give the GA curriculum a 3 since not all the materials in the courses I found it to be useful.\nInstructors are the key, find out who will be teaching- if they love what they do(\xa0teaching, helping, and want their students to succeed). I was lucky to be in a awesome cohort. \xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., After completing General Assembly’s full-time, 12-week WDI (Web Development Immersive) Bootcamp in San Francisco, I highly recommend choosing another bootcamp. There are far better bootcamps out there than GA that will get you where you want to be; hired as a Web Developer/Android Developer/UX..\nWhat General Assembly is really good at is creating a supportive and encouraging community of students and teachers that support each other and don’t pressure you beyond what you’re physically capable of. They have free coffee all day long which is pretty cool. Their outcomes team is incredible. They have great career coaches that walk you through every step of the job hunting process. You have a workshop with the career coaches once a week and they continue workshops after the program with feedback on resumes, interview tips, cover letters, informational interviews, every piece of job advice you’d want/need. Also, we did a ton of pair programming which is great experience. We pair programmed almost every single day.\nAs for the bad, and why I wouldn’t recommend General Assembly, here’s what I have to say. I came to General Assembly with basically zero coding experience. I spent about 40–50 hours on Codecademy. The pace is extremely fast and I put in 12–15 hour days as well as an hour and a half commute each way. That’s expected. It’s bootcamp. What was unexpected was the student to teacher ratio which they claim is 3–4 students to 1. Not the case. Usually, the ratio was about 18 to 1-2. There’s not a lot of help available. They also promised one on one feedback and code reviews. Not true. I received feedback twice the entire time I was at GA. And it was never code reviews. Most of the feedback was behavioral, which isn’t what I was there for, I was there to learn to code.\nThey also said you can go to bootcamp with no experience and be successful. Also not true. Out of our group and the group before us, 2 people are hired 2 months out. In past groups, 4–5 months out, about half of them are hired. I have no idea where they get their 99% hiring rate from, but it’s not accurate. In my class, every single person had previous experience, years of experience in some cases in the field. Only me and 5 other students were coming in as true beginners and 2 of those students dropped within three weeks. The worst part about General Assembly and the primary reason I wouldn’t recommend it is wasted time in class and mistakes during the lectures. Almost every single lecture, the teachers were obviously not familiar with the material and made huge mistakes in the code that at times set us back 8 hours of work. That is totally unacceptable when we’re paying close to 14,000$ for a 12–week bootcamp. There were so many mistakes that students actually stated they didn’t even come to class/did other stuff during class because they knew they’d have to reteach themselves later.\nGeneral Assembly is a middle ground where the more experienced students aren’t challenged enough and the less experienced students don’t stand a chance. GA is spending all their money expanding and not enough money fixing what they have. If they keep up the bad experience my group and I had, GA will not be around much longer. There’s way too many bootcamps that can actually fulfill what they promise, and do it for cheaper.\nSidenote: GA is constantly asking for feedback and I did communicate all of this to them in feedback surveys. I know they try to incorporate feedback so I hope they fix their program because I’m not the only student feeling extremely disappointed in my outlay of time and money.\nNot to say it wasn’t a good experience because it was and I learned so, so much. It’s been a great launchpad and I feel excited about learning much more on my own/online programs such as Udacity. But, I don’t think it’s a comprehensive jumpstart to actually begin a career as it would be at Hack Reactor/Galvanize.\nIf you have any questions at all about details of the course, or you want any more information about my experience, feel free to reach out. I’m happy to talk.\nContact: geckogirl312@yahoo.com\n**Used my less frequent email as to remain anonymous\nThis Review Is Helpful25Flag as inappropriate., Like all study\'s there are ups (fun class great insturctor and assistant)\xa0and downs (jam packed with fast moving topics to cover and semi difficult assignments to complete while working)\xa0\nNick ( the instructor) and Vito (assistant) were well rounded, very pro in all topics , there is never an "I don\'t know moment".\nFun classes and assignments, great encouragement and enthusiasm.\nFast pace for beginners that will come out at the end proud to have developed working\xa0web apps and better understanding of the lingo and being able to manipulate code, fixing bugs,\xa0start writing own scripts from scratch, and explore libraries.\nPeople with experience in coding or a bit of JavaScript will gain knowledge in most recent trends , frameworks, and will enjoy the subject as much as n\u200bewbies, as\xa0The instructor had reworked the course to make it\xa0very relevant to what the industry is currently using, and what would be most relevant.\nMy work is confident in GA, therefore very confident to let me use\xa0the skills I have just recently learnt,\xa0at work.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Mixed bag of instructors. Materials had a some\xa0errors. Admin staff was unresponsive at times. Not enough data scientists brought in for teaching and career insight. This could change going forward as feedback was given and the instructors for the next cohort sound potentially\xa0better. I was still able to learn machine learning, but the process could have been much smoother.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I attended web development immersive course at GA and it\'s undoubtedly the best investment of my time and money. I came from a\xa0programming background but still I have learnt so many new things and improved my\xa0coding skills. It helped me make a career change and landed me in the job I love to do.\nThis Review Is Helpful11Flag as inappropriate.]', '[Build a fully responsive, interactive website that stands apart from the usual templates.\nUnderstand how a skillful mix of programming and layout powers the web we see – and how teams collaborate to create it.\nUse HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, GitHub, and Sublime in concert.\nI was so excited to be in this course and it was marketed as a Beginner course that anyone could take!\nI felt overwhelmed from day one, utilized the tutors but could not catch up. I asked my teacher for help understanding topics and he could not explain them in a way that I could understand.\nI had just come off a semester of Straight A\'s from a nearby college studying various Computer Science topics. I felt very discouraged with the teacher\'s inability to teach me and the misrespresentation that anyone could follow a long with the program with no prior experience.\nThis Review Is Helpful11Flag as inappropriate., I personally thought it was a great program that was really what you made of it. It had a vast array of resources to define one\'s skills, but at the same time was not too time consuming and demanding.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., We\'re in week 10 of the 12-week data science immersive program, and I really regret choosing GA. Last week, after almost 2 months of ignoring student concerns,\xa0the administration parted ways with our lead instructor, gave us a 20% discount, and decided to extend\xa0the program by a week. You can imagine what the program has been like for these things to happen.\nThere ARE some wonderful people working at GA.\xa0However there isn\'t quality control (on anything), and the administration has handled the situation in our class quite poorly. I\'d recommend choosing a better and better-established program, even if you plan to work in DC.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful15Flag as inappropriate., The instructors are hit or miss; we had one amazing instructor, but the other instructor was often unprepared to teach. \xa0The curriculum gives a good introduction to the basics as well as cutting edge technologies for web development and the projects provide good hands on experience. \xa0There is very little job assistance following graduation. \xa0GA advertises a reverse job fair where employers come to see your work, but for ours only 5 recruiters showed up and they were looking for people with previous tech experience. \xa0GA does not have relationships with companies to place students for internships or jobs. \xa0Especially in Seattle, if you do not have previous experience in the tech industry or a large network of friends in tech, you will struggle to find a job. \xa05 months after graduation, only 4 people in our cohort are working in tech.\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., Overall, an incredible opportunity that you can and will see the rewards from if you are willing to put the time and effort in. Having absolutely no technical background 6 months prior to application/acceptance of the web dev bootcamp, I am now a full time web developer. It is one of the most difficult and time consuming thing I have ever done. It is 12 weeks of non stop work, realistically\xa0somewhere between 60-80/hrs of\xa0work per week. Very fast paced, and a TON of information, much of which you aren\'t even sure your actually learning until you\'ve moved on from it and are applying the concepts in actual work.\nVery relevant course work and curriculum, they definitely make an effort to stay ahead of industry trends to put you in the best position possible after graduation.\xa0\nYou leave the course with the skills you need to be productive in an entry level position, which I guess is really all you can ask for from a school.\nJob Assistance is kind of a joke, keeping in contact with your post graduation career coach is a hassel, they speak to you like a parent making sure their kid did their chores for the week. Many areas of improvement here, the class science fair should be a demo day for potential employers not the students in other cohorts, interview prep was minimal, and the job "leads" they give you are just jobs youd see searching on your own.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., A terrific course that covered off a lot of ground. The entire UX journey is part of the curriculum and in the most part was very interesting and enjoyable.\nAs this course was the part time version of UXD unfortunately there is not much emphasis given to assistance transitioning into a UX career, although in saying that I am now confident to conduct my own case studies and apply UX thinking to them.\nThe delivery of the course was by 3 people from the industry who ranged in the experience levels. George the main course facilitator was excellent, he was approachable, calm, insightlful and delivered the content in a really pleasent manner.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I came to GA with no programming background and I\'m 47 y.o. \xa0I started the 10 week course with one instructor. \xa0I lasted two classes (of 20) before dropping. \xa0The instructor was nice, but he had never taught before and it showed. \xa0No preparation -- just winging the lectures. \xa0He knew the concepts but not communicate them. \xa0No go.\nI re-enrolled in the next 10 week course and it was awesome. \xa0Sarah Holden in the star in SF. \xa0In every class she had 30 to 80 slides, a cheat sheet, little exercises, and lots of support. \xa0Her lectures are superb -- night v day from the other class. \xa0If you take the part time front end web design\xa0class in SF, take Sarah\'s class or don\'t enroll -- that\'s my advice.\nThis Review Is Helpful9Flag as inappropriate., he cGreat coding school. A lot depends on the instructors. Classes can feel crowded. The curriculum was relevant then but less so now (may have changed).\nThis Review Is Helpful28Flag as inappropriate., Enrolling in the full-time\xa0Web Development Immersive (WDI) at General Assembly was one of the best decisions of my life. The people and instructors I met there were incredible; we have fantastic relationships to this day, and as a freelancer, my network has been utterly invaluable in building my own self-sustained business. I highly recommend the school and the course; do your homework, do all of the pre-work, and make sure this is what you want to do. Then, spend all of your time learning, experimenting, and making apps that truly interest you. Break code. Fix code. Learn code. Google everything. This course taught me how to ask the right questions, much like a new developer does on the job. The skills I learned here were absolutely transferable to a real-life job situation. The instructors not only\xa0introduced us to code, but the entire coding community. Our guest speakers were movers and shakers in the tech industry, and they never hesitated to teach us what was relevant in the world, even if that meant minor additions to the curriculum. We were tight-knit and eager to learn; our instructors saw our genuine interest and\xa0potential, and our class has remained incredibly close two years later. It wasn\'t my intention, but I\xa0made friends for life at General Assembly and learned life-changing career skills.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Part-time class in SF learning the fundamentals of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The class focused largely on JavaScript and culminated in individual projects.\nThis Review Is Helpful31Flag as inappropriate., Great mix of professionals and students This Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., The intensity of coursework seemed appropriate and I came out of the Immersive with what I feel is a strong foundation in web development. They may want to consider expanding the length of the course to better prepare people for the job market with further skills, as it seems getting in at the entry level requires more experience than the Immersive provides. Stronger internship placement would be a boon as well. The instructors were very good, dealt well with the varying skill levels in the class, and I would recommend the experience overall.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]', "[I think GA delivered on what they promised. At times, it felt like glorified, guided self-education. A lot of it involves googling answers to problems. You know what? That's fine, really. That's often what you do in the real world. Sometimes, I felt like the instruction\xa0was a little too hands off for the price tag, though. I'd still do it again. No regrets.\n\r\nThe basic jist is it will prepare you for working in a web job. It's heavily technology-based, light on computer science and theory, which is fine. It doesn't help in some interviews where they'll ask a lot of computer science questions that you have no idea how to answer, but dammit, you've built web applications! And that should be good enough. There's no one-size-fits-all approach to teaching programming and development. Their model is relatively good at making people into entry-level to junior level developers with some hands-on experience in current web technologies.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I had a good experience attending General Assembly - my teachers were knowledgeable and engaging, my classmates were awesome, and the material was good for the change I was making.\xa0\nI think my overall impression since having left is not great though. There is no interest or support for students after they leave and GA misses a huge mark by not pursuing alumni engagement.\xa0\nLots of potential and good opportunities here, especially in the DC network, but I think this GA team is more focused on its own internal drama and not enough on growing a solid curriculum\xa0and network.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I had a great experience at General Assembly's Web Development Immersive. I came into it with virtually no programming experience, other than the pre-work we were assigned after enrolling. It's a cliche, but it is definitely a situation where you get out of it what you put into it, and I worked as hard as I could tolerate throughout the 12 weeks (and I continue to do so), because I knew\xa0how much catching up I would have to do to be able to market myself and my skills.\nThe instructors were excellent, very knowledgeable and available, with varying experience levels between them. The course itself was very project-focused, so that we would have applications to demo for potential employers at the end of it, but there was also ample time given to covering concepts we might expect to be asked about in\xa0interviews, and what to expect upon entering the workforce.\xa0\nThe only major complaint I have is the focus on Ruby on Rails for so much of the course, despite its apparent dwindling in popularity in my development market. I understand later WDIs incorporated more JavaScript/Node, which I wish I had had more exposure to throughout the course.\xa0\nIt's important to\xa0understand how little you actually know even after intensely working for 12 weeks, but as long as an incoming students expectations of both the process and the results\xa0are appropriate, I'd recommend it. The real value in the course (for me, anyway) was in providing enough knowledge and experience to\xa0enable\xa0continued self-teaching with the vast supply of tutorials, articles,\xa0and other online resources.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Learn to design and build beautiful, responsive, websites using HTML and CSS.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., GREAT EXPERIENCE. LOVED THE ONLINE COURSE, WISH THEY OFFERED ONE IN JAVA AND OTHER LANGUAGES. WOULD DEFINITELY ATTEND AGAIN EVEN THOUGH IT WAS VERY EXPENSIVE.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Learned a lot taking the Web Development immersive. \xa0Instructors can be hit or miss --- I had one that was great and one that was not so great, but they both helped me learn a ton over the 3 months of class. \xa0Finishing the course definitely does not get you a job easily, \xa0and the job search was the most difficult/frustrating part. \xa0But it all worked out okay as I'm now a contractor with Microsoft.\n\xa0\nLearned a lot, but there's always still more learn.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Great program, good pace. Instructors have good availability and attitudes. Will help you while also encouraging you to learn/figure out how to fix things on your own. Worked well for me.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I can't speak for campuses across the country and world, but the New York campus I experienced was a tremendously helpful/open community of people interested in learning web development and growing in the tech industry. I never experienced (though I have heard stories) of people who felt ostracized or put down by those with more knowledge/skills. Overall,\xa0I think the community as a student is a\xa0good one for fostering learning.\nIn terms of the coursework, we had very experienced instructors who had taught multiple immersives and TA's who had taken them themselves. We primarily focused on Javascript over Ruby (I believe we were one of the first classes to do so at GA), which I felt at the time was a good decision considering the movement in the industry towards using JS across the stack.\nIn terms of my background, I was coming from a tech role (I was formerly a product manager at a tech company) so I had had some experience in coding in my free time. I think due to that I felt frustrated at times by the pace of the class which spent a good deal of the first month on beginner aspects of web development. While I understand why it's structured that way (not everyone comes from tech), I wish a few of those weeks had been moved into pre-work. I think moving that work into pre-work would have helped prepare students for the rigors of web development and allowed us to get into more advanced topics quicker. One of the things I heard while interviewing is that students don't come out with enough exposure to the computer sciency aspects of development that some companies don't feel confident hiring grads because of that. There's just too much unknown that the student can pick up those concepts.\nOn that topic, I was somewhat disappointed with the career placement services. I felt it was a lot of resume and cover letter re-writing, as opposed to introduction to hiring managers and advice on how to continue your growth following the class. I actually felt I got better advice from a handful of recruiters I met who openly told me that they didn't have any jobs for me, but helped out of the goodness of their hearts.\xa0I felt, at times, that I was left to fend for myself when it came to meeting hiring managers and given GA's considerable size that it should have been able to leverage its community more productively than it did.\nThat being said, I did get hired within 3 months of graduating as a developer so all in all I'm a success story!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly is great if you only focus on the teachers, the environment, the students, the curriculum, and the outcomes. But, after all, these are for-profit businesses. More and more you started to see these things creep into life at general assembly. While they say not everyone who has the money can get in, I'm not sure I believe it. They have less of a focus on paying upper echelon teachers now than when they started. There's more of a reliance on TAs who get paid fairly low amounts (and are typically previous students to keep those outcomes numbers high). They cut benefits like happy hours and lunches that bring students together and improve networks. They raise tuition whenever possible (despite the fact that all they are providing are a space and knowledge, they charge more per hour than even the most vicious private colleges).\n\xa0\nWould I do it again? Yes. It is solely responsible for getting me where I am today. But if they're not careful, bootcamps will be analagous with low-quality in the years to come.\nWork hard, make awesome projects (and rockin portfolio), network, and you'll be fine here.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., Great program, classes were fun and learned so much. Outcomes support can use a little more help.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I had a great experience with this course. Well paced. Plenty of one-on-one time with tutors who were helpful and patient.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly's\xa0Full stack web development course got me a full time job with benefits within 3 months. Concise course plan, knowledgable and engaging professors, dedicated job placement support.\nThis Review Is Helpful5Flag as inappropriate.]", '[I truly enjoyed my bootcamp experience. While I think the market is currently oversaturated, it was a great experience and career changing vehicle for those of us who have already gone through it. Everyone I know who went through the bootcamp has gotten a job in the field. Mission accomplished.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., Product Managment Certification (Part-Time)\nI found the program solid and helpful.\xa0I’ve been in product management for about seven years now. This program is much for new professionals or those seeking to enter the profession. However, I went in with the objective of defragmenting my knowledge from years of various PM roles is very different kinds of companies and products. The program did its job, I was able to:\n\nDefragment my experience into core best practices.\nUnderstand what kind of product manager I am vs. what kind of product manager I want to be.\nHave confidence in customer centricity and testing assumptions and hypotheses using\xa0scientific method. (…and fighting for that in the organizations I work for where needed.)\n\nI would recommend this part-time course to anyone interested in product management and is NOT YET a product person or within their first three years.\nWhere this program did not serve me as a senior level product manager:\n(But I didn’t expect it to…)\n\nWe didn’t spend much time on\nProduct Strategy and strategic thinking\nSteering a product with metric data or refining KPIs and metrics as a result.\nProduct finance\r\n\t\nPricing\nProfit and loss\n\n\n\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., This class was a complete waste of time. The teacher sped through all of the crucial aspects of basic Photoshop, but spent an\xa0exorbitant amount of time going over the simplest tasks\xa0(like opening a new file). I expected to come out of the class having at learned at least the basics of inserting\xa0an image onto a different background. The teacher was obviously very skilled with the program, but was not good at slowing down to repeat herself and show how she made her changes. The teacher also didn\'t handle individual questions well - she told several students she didn\'t know the answers to their questions and was visibly irritated when the class didn\'t catch what she said and asked her to repeat.\xa0I was VERY disappointed in this class and learned nothing new from it. If you want to learn Photoshop I\'d suggest saving your money, repeating free online classes, and if you want one on one help, spend the $60 on an hour of tutoring. You\'ll learn more that\'s actually useful.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., Part-time course taken on campus in Austin, Texas. Designed to give students an all-encompassing and actionable understanding of digital marketing best practices. Upon enrolling in the course I had about 8 months marketing experience/learning and was\xa0employed full-time in a marketing position (note: by\xa0a company that knew as much about marketing as Jon Snow knows about anything) and pursuing my own venture on the side. This course was great for filling in the knowledge gaps for me and giving me the chance to ask questions of\xa0an experienced marketing professional (instructor). Prior to the course I did not in any way know how to build a marketing strategy from scratch- now I do and the\xa0class was worth every penny and minute in that regard.\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I took the User Experience Design Immersive course that ended in May 2016. \xa0Overall, I had a great experience. \xa0I feel like I gained a really solid foundation for understanding what UX is, and also some great practical skills for moving forward. \xa0I think the fact that the GA course is structured around 5 projects allowed me to gain invaluable experience in working on teams, and design presentation/storytelling that will be very useful for me as I move forward in my career. \xa0I found my classmates to be interesting to talk to, and generally very nice people, and they definitely helped push my thinking and understanding forward. \xa0My instructors pushed me just the right amount, while also being available for support as needed. \xa0The curriculum does a great job of hitting on the fundamentals.\nAll that said, it\'s important to point out that my experience is that\xa0this course is planned pretty much\xa0as well as a 10-week course on UX design could be planned. \xa0But that 10 weeks by itself won\'t be enough. \xa0In order to find your first job, you should expect to have to do some networking during the course, and also more networking after the course, as well as additional work on your portfolio after the course. \xa0All that said, like anything else, UX is an ongoing learning process, and I felt like my 10 weeks prepared me well to move forward in the field. \xa0Overall, I recommend the GA class highly for anyone is motivated to enter the field of UX design.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I am deeply disturbed by this program and its lack of professionalism, and it makes me really sad since I had great expectations.\nThe curriculum is poorly managed and developed. A lot of it is borrowed from, or exactly the same as, free online resources like code school and codeacademy. Yet for this program, you pay 13,500.\nThe grading and supervision is all over the map. I\'ve gotten perfect marks on assignments where multiple other students hit the criteria better than me, just because of the luck of the draw on the instructor you get grading you.\nIn my class, 1/4 of the near 15 students failed out after the second unit. Another half of the class was \'held back\' because the instruction was so spotty, and missed out on an entire unit that we paid to be taught.\xa0\nThe assignments that you do on your own are very misleading. A lot of this work needs to be structured into your weekend, which is fine -- however frequently assignments will say that it is expected to take four hours when reality it is more like 12. It causes a lot of confusion and makes it impossible to plan your schedule.\xa0\nThe outcomes, or career support, is nonsensical. Anyone with half a brain will know most of the content anyway, as it pertains to developing a resume and your professional brand.\xa0\nThe projects, which are supposed to be building your portfolio, are often really just excuses for the professors to regroup or plan lessons. You get no support while you are trying to do these projects, and for that reason usually half the class\'s projects are unfit to use on any portfolio worth a recruiter\'s time.\nThe lesson plans in particular, are atrocious. Often half the class is eaten up by troubleshooting because the lessons haven\'t been updated for the latest version of a given technology, or because half the professors are on an older version of that technology. One half of our class was taught a language that is eminently expiring, so they will have to relearn that entire unit. Just poor, poor planning.\xa0\nWhen you bring concerns to the staff, they have a very typical bubbly young startup reaction, which is to try to compliment you and be jocular to get you to buy in to the premise again. In reality this is just a terribly, terribly run program, and a terribly, terribly poor product.\nI wish I would have done more research, or gone with any other school. They are all roughly the same insofar as pricing, and I can only imagine they would be a vast improvement. Steer clear.\xa0\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful21Flag as inappropriate., GA\'s Front-End Web Development (FEWD) course was a fantastic way to kickstart my career and make a long-awaited transition from journalism into tech.\xa0\nI came across the\xa0FEWD\xa0course shortly after GA moved to London and after meeting Devin Hunt (the lead instructor)\xa0and the GA support team I was excited to enrol in the program.\nI had no prior programming experience going into the course and I must admit I was a little nervous\xa0but the instructors adapted to the pace of the class well throughout and\xa0I now have a great\xa0website which utilises\xa0HTML5, CSS3, JQuery.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., intensive 3 month full stack web development course.\nThis Review Is Helpful4Flag as inappropriate., I not only learned alot on the UX design immersive course, I grew and developed into a UX practitioner, honing and developing my craft as I work on more projects.\nWithout GA I would not have been able to change my career and make so many wonderful friends along the way. I think the course has changed my life and it has helped me do what I always wanted to do, make a small contribution and impact,\xa0improving\xa0lives,\xa0products and services incrementally a little bit day by day.\nMy hat and\xa0thanks go out to my instructors and our course producer Laura who made it such a memorable experience.\n\xa0\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I studied IT at university and frankly didn\'t really learn enough to start building a fully responsive\xa0website. I recently started my own business offering guided tours around the British Countryside and wanted to create my own website from scratch.\xa0\nI stumbled upon General Assembly\'s Front End Web Development (FEWD) course in London after a conversation with a friend who had taken one of their workshops.\xa0\nAfter speaking with one of their friendly Admissions team I was still a little nervous about spending so much money, so requested a call with the instructor. I was connected a few days later with Antonio Lulic, who was set to teach the next cohort. Antonio was fantastic and ran me through exactly what the course would cover and what I could expect to do upon graduation.\xa0\nI placed my deposit and never looked back. I now have an awesome website which utilises, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery and have the confidence to continuously update it. I learned coding really doesn\'t stand still and you need the right mindset to learn on the fly and copy code from other sources. My site is also mobile responsive!\nThis course was brilliant. I made friends, and GA\'s support network is second to none. Highly recommeded for anyone wanting to learn web development.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate., I have to admit I was initially skeptical of leaving my current job and committing to the\xa0User Experience Design Immersive, looking back,\xa0I am so glad I did. It\'s a big deal to decide to leave what is familiar, have little to no financial support, and be open to something that you don\'t know will work out, that\'s why the staff at GA is\xa0wholly committed to help you "do what you love". It\'s\xa0a mantra that we\'ve all heard before, but in my experience at the Atlanta campus, it truly\xa0underlies every facet of the program. The friendships, skills, and\xa0networks that I have created through General Assembly are invaluable, and continue to be a part of my ongoing sucess, even after\xa0the completion of the program. GA does a spectacular job of creating the right kind of opportunities for young professionals,\xa0career changers, or those just looking for something else.\xa0Not only do they expose you to the latest trends, software, and skills that are in demand, but they provide you with an additional support group to ensure that you are a part of that.\xa0Both students and staff are incredibly passionate, and driven.\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate., I went to GA and took the Web Development Immersive course because I was ready to change my career. I wasn\'t just signing up for classes online in the evening; I was ready to fully take my future into my own hands and DO something about it. GA did that for me, and so much more.\nWDI is an extremely challenging course and not just mentally and physically but emotionally too. I probably spent nearly 100 hours a week learning and practicing the fundamentals of web development from scratch. Every minute I put into that process though paid off for me when I got a job almost a week after returning home from the course. GA gave me the confidence I needed to prove that I was capable of learning, and learning fast in a rapidly changing industry, as well as the toolbelt to succeed in the work place.\nI loved how the course was structured with flexibility based on the instructors. It is taught by real professionals in the industry so you are getting first hand content and tips based on their experience in the field. The course changes based on the market you\'re taking it in and what interests the class holds. It really became a personalized course because of how much the instructors cared about our experience as students. They wanted to see us succeed and be passionate about our work. They were there to teach us, provide feedback, and encourage us throughout the 12 week course.\nOn top of everything else, it was probably one of the best 3 months of my life. Thank you, GA!\nThis Review Is Helpful1Flag as inappropriate.]', '[If you have a background or degree in tech, great if not good luck. I compare this course to learning Chinese, inside of a Chinese classroom, with a Chinese instructor, who only speaks Chinese and you\'ve never heard a word of Chinese in your life. Some people were able to catch on but the majority of them had degrees or a background in Tech. If you\'re just a regular person such as myself, I definitely would not recommend General Assembly to you. This course is not designed for every day people who want to change their lives. Immersive doesn\'t even describe how fast the course moves. We spent literally one day on HTML two or three days on CSS and that was it. After that you get a couple weeks of Ruby, a few of Javascript and more advanced JavaScript later on. You don\'t have time to even begin to grasp one concept before you\'re given another and expected to be able to perform it. Two of the most common sayings I heard while at General Assembly were, "Google it" because the teachers usually didn\'t want to even answer your questions and "Well in the interest of time" and then the instructor  would proceed on to the next thing and encouraged us to try to figure out whatever we were wondering in our spare time. The staff at General Assembly offers little support aside from advising you to stay after class where you can speak with the teacher for 15 minute intervals and work with other lost students -even then I didn\'t find the instructors to be very helpful. They never seemed to be able to grasp the concept of "I don\'t understand". The class projects are basically given to you before you have to do them. The teacher does a whole app with the class (code-a-long) that\'s just like the one you will have to do and then you just go along and redo the teacher\'s and just change a few things to make it your own. I built applications for project assigments without remotely knowing how to actually do it on my own. The prework and admissions assignment are child\'s play compared to the course. Overall I would say if you have a background in web development, if you played around with it at home for a while this course might be great for you but if you\'re just a regular person with no experience in web development I definitely would not recommend General Assembly.This Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., At General Assembly we learned full-stack web development. The teachers were very nurturing and cared a great deal about student learning and engagement. Although the curriculum was jam packed, my peers and I left with a great set of skills that go beyond the classroom.\nThis Review Is Helpful17Flag as inappropriate., I\'ve had a great time in DSI and learned a ton. I went from not knowing python\xa0to being able to successfully implement\xa0complex machine learning techniques in the span of a few months.\nThat being said; anyone considering the program should know what they are and are not getting from DSI:\n\nDSI\xa0is not\xa0a python software development course. You will learn how to manipulate and analyze data using python, but python itself is not the focus. Your code will not be pretty, but it will get the job done.\nDSI\xa0is not\xa0a zero to sixty program. If you don\'t like math, don\'t have a decent grasp of statistics, and have never used the command line before, DSI is going to be rough. The more you bring in, the better.\nDSI\xa0is not\xa0a complete Data Science program. They have 12 weeks to take a group of people with varying degrees of familiarity with computer science and statistics and give them a solid, fundamental basis is data science that they can take into the job market. DSI will not take you from never touching python to coasting into a high paying job with facebook; but it will get you on the road that takes you there.\nDSI\xa0is\xa0a fast paced, guided learning experience. Being the pilot program, there were significant structural problems with my cohort. The question I continually asked myself during the worst of it was: "If I quit my job, took 12 weeks, and worked as hard as I could learning python and statistics, would I end up in a better place job-wise than staying in DSI?" - For me, the answer was always no; DSI provides a framework and resources for learning complex, difficult material that I would not have access to on my own. Additionally, the benefit of learning alongside a large group of others fighting through the same material cannot be valued enough - not to mention the people who I helped and who in turn helped me will form the nucleus of my professional network. No amount of meet ups and personal study would accomplish that in 12 weeks.\nDSI\xa0is what you put into it. If you rely on GA to give you everything, to provide all the materials you need to learn a subject - you\'re doing yourself a disservice. When you enter DSI the clock starts. You now have 12 weeks to learn as much as you can, so you can find a job where you put those skills to practice. DSI provides a great framework, leading you from topic to topic, grouping similar subjects, easing the transition between difficult, disparate problems.\nDSI\xa0is not easy.\xa0There\'s a lot to learn, and not a lot of time. If you\'re not keeping up with the work, you\'re going to get left behind.\n\n\xa0\nI\'ve had a great experience in DSI, and feel very confident in my career prospects.\xa0\nAm I about to step into a senior data scientist position at a premier company? Probably not, but 12 weeks ago I was not in a position to even consider those jobs.\xa0\nNow I have a solid foundation in the industry, a growing network of professional contacts, and a roadmap to a successful career in data science - exactly what I was looking for when I signed up.\nThis Review Is Helpful15Flag as inappropriate., \xa0\nGA\'s data science immersive has been the single most intellectually challenging experience of my life, making college look like a walk in park. \xa0However, in the past 11 weeks, I have learned an extraordinary amount and feel confident about my prospects in entering the workforce, particularly given the extremely high demand for data scientists right now.\nAs earlier reviewers have mentioned, the GA\'s data science immersive is a pilot program, and GA DC got off to a particularly rocky start, due to some mishaps with curriculum development, followed by our primary instructor quitting without notice a week and a half in.\nWhile this was a very frustrating experience for the student body, I was very impressed with GA\'s swift and appropriate response to the situation. \xa0They exploited their many connections to hire\xa0a highly qualified new instructor immediately, while highly qualified and capable instructors from other immersives helped fill in the gaps. \xa0They also gave a substantial refund and added extra time to the program to insure that students would have adequate time to master the material and complete capstone projects.\nGA must have lost an enormous amount of money on our pilot program, but they did what they had to do to insure that we came away with a quality education. \xa0The next cohort will have it much better than we did, as the curriculum has been improved and a strong instructional team is in place.\nOf course, this class is still really really hard. Instructors do not, and cannot, take the time to walk you through how to do everything step by step. \xa0They give us direction and help us out when we are stuck, but ultimately, the onus is on us to learn the material.\nThis Review Is Helpful8Flag as inappropriate., I took this course it went by very fast and if you do not have a clue going in you are in trouble. The TA\'s are great but I still have not found a position it has been 1.5\xa0years. The hiring process is also grueling right now. I don\'t blame GA for anything, this course was tough and they assume you have some knowledge. They do not inform you that you should have some knowledge before entering.\nThis Review Is Helpful2Flag as inappropriate., I recently completed the UX design class at GA and absolutely loved it. My instructors were incredibly helpful and gave me the base I needed to start building my portfolio and applying to jobs. I also appreciate GA\'s devotion to their alumni network. The class is intense and time consuming, but well worth it.\nThis Review Is Helpful7Flag as inappropriate., The instructors were great and very helpful and the TAs were very generous with their time.\nHowever, it\'s a real grind and the job placement help (they call it "outcomes") was a real joke. Outcomes should have been something tacked on at the end of the actual web development training instead of interspersed throughout (ideally, it could have been optional, giving students the option of not paying for that part of the class.)\nAt the end of it all, I feel like I\'ve learned a lot, but I don\'t feel like my outlook for finding a job in tech is very promising and I still have a long way to go before I\'ll be qualified for any openings I find online.\xa0\nNot to mention, the class mostly focused on MEAN stack which already has a ton of free or low-cost tutorials online. If you have the patience and discipline, save yourself $13,000 and learn this stuff online. I recommend starting with Free Code Camp.\nThis Review Is Helpful3Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly is an awesome bootcamp, if a bootcamp is what you\'re seeking. In the three month immersive, we\'ve covered a ton of Data Science topics. I went from hardly using the command line to being able to use a variety of python libraries to\xa0query databases, scrape web data, clean and organize data, find trends and patterns in it, build models to analyze and predict it, and communicate results visually from that. This makes up the foundation of data science, and is definitely not something I could have done at the beginning of the course.\xa0\nGA is not a Masters program. If you\'re looking for in depth theoretical analysis and deep dives into lots of microsubjects, you may be better served in a longer program at a university. If what you\'re looking for is a rapid fire survey of the relevant topics and the ability to dig deeper yourself into the topics that catch your interests, then it\'s awesome. You\'ll definitely be able to find your niche and your passions and participate in activities to support that, and they\'re helpful with finding and providing resources (like books) to further this pursuit. You will definitely come away with a toolkit that is highly applicable to the field.\xa0\nI will say that my experience is in the pilot program of the immersive. There are things to be ironed out, specifically in clarity in the curriculum and overall course flow. However I do know that the administration and instructors are aware of this and are actively working to refine this for the next cohort. I see the other immersives around here and their curriculum is very finely tuned, so I know that this is headed to a great place, and quickly.\xa0\nBe clear about your needs and make sure that you\'re a fit for the place. If you\'re willing to work independently and quickly and get a jump start in the field, this program sets you up for success. They won\'t hold your hand, but they will give you the tools you need. It\'s a learn by doing, hands on type of place. If that\'s how you learn best, I think you could do great things here.\xa0\nOh, and the Outcomes team to help with job assistance - again, you get out what you put in. They won\'t seek you out necessarily, but they are always willing to provide feedback and support when asked. They structure activities throughout the course and if you hold yourself accountable to their timeline, you\'ll have a solid job hunting kit ready to go by the end of the course. Take advantage of this!\nThis Review Is Helpful6Flag as inappropriate., General Assembly has bitten off way more than they can chew with their Data Science Immersive program. We are told the one new instructor we finally got, weeks after the first one quit, does know what he is doing. However, I am not really sure since he has the TA cramming on the weekends to teach us material and then isn\'t here when she can\'t answer the questions we have.\nThey are also getting ready to recruit for the next running of the Data Science Immersive which is completely laughable at this point. If you are looking at it, save your money. Either do the PT program or wait to see if GA is still offering this a year from now.\nAt this point I am just sticking around for the career assistance because I do need a job after this and I am really curious to see how they are actually going to find those of us that stuck around meaningful jobs given how poorly we are being prepared for them.\nThis Review Is Helpful20Flag as inappropriate., The range and depth of content was perfect for a \'beginner\' to enter the world of data science. It also provides a good opportunity for devs (who already have a good understanding of programming) to explore types of business problem they may not have been exposed to before.\nI would recommend to get the most out of the course participants spend 6 months (c. 100 - 200 hours) making sure they understand the basic of Python and stats before enrolling. There were some members on the course who hadn\'t done this and they still learnt a lot - but probably found it more difficult to keep up.\nThis Review Is Helpful0Flag as inappropriate.]']